nanostructured &&structure control&&Nanostructured Tungstate-Derived Copper for Hydrogen Evolution Reaction and Electroreduction of CO2 in Sodium Hydroxide Solutions Electroreduction of CO2 became an important topic recently because it can reduce the atmospheric CO2 levels and simultaneously synthesize chemical fuels. However, efficient conversion of CO2 to produce fuels remains a challenge because a proper electrocatalyst is needed to make this CO2 reduction process more selective and efficient. In this study, we prepared nanostructured tungstate-derived copper to test its application in CO2 reduction. The prepared copper tungstate (CuWO4) nanomaterials were first characterized by analytical techniques such as transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy to determine the particle size, crystallinity, purity, and composition. Then, the CuWO4 nanomaterials were further investigated in an aqueous solution containing 0.1 M NaOH by electrochemical cyclic voltammetry (CV) and linear sweep voltammetry (LSV) techniques. The CO2 electroreduction experiments were carried out in 0.1 M NaOH with the presence of CO2, and the analysis of electrochemical results shows that nanostructured CuWO4 performs better in comparison with CuO-a well-known electrocatalyst for reducing CO, to nongaseous carbon-containing products such as alcohols-because of poisoning effects of adsorbed CO, or its adsorbed-reduced intermediates on hydrogen evolution reaction. Our results also show that CO2-reduction intermediates adsorbed strongly on the surface of CuWO4, which increases the overpotential for hydrogen evolution reaction on the surface of CuWO 4 by as much as 230 mV against the 70 mV for CuO, at a current density of 0.8 mA cm(-2). Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.9b07133
The enhanced ethylene production metrics, obtained by virtue of the higher intrinsic activity of the Ni-N-C support, point out toward a synergistic action between the two catalytic functionalities&&composite&&Bifunctional Nickel-Nitrogen-Doped-Carbon-Supported Copper Electrocatalyst for CO2 Reduction Bifunctionality is a key feature of many industrial catalysts, supported metal clusters and particles in particular, and the development of such catalysts for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to hydrocarbons and alcohols is gaining traction in light of recent advancements in the field. Carbonsupported Cu nanoparticles are suitable candidates for integration in the state-ofthe-art reaction interfaces, and here, we propose, synthesize, and evaluate a bifunctional Ni-N-doped-C-supported Cu electrocatalyst, in which the support possesses active sites for selective CO2 conversion to CO and Cu nanoparticles catalyze either the direct CO2 or CO reduction to hydrocarbons. In this work, we introduce the scientific rationale behind the concept, its applicability, and the challenges with regard to the catalyst. From the practical aspect, the deposition of Cu nanoparticles onto carbon black and Ni-N-C supports via an ammonia-driven deposition precipitation method is reported and explored in more detail using X-ray diffraction, thermogravimetric analysis, and hydrogen temperature-programmed reduction. High-angle annular dark-field scanning transmission electron microscopy (HAADF-STEM) and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDXS) give further evidence of the presence of Cu-containing nanoparticles on the Ni-N-C supports while revealing an additional relationship between the nanoparticle's composition and the electrode's electrocatalytic performance. Compared to the benchmark carbon black-supported Cu catalysts, Ni-N-C-supported Cu delivers up to a 2-fold increase in the partial C2H4 current density at -1.05 V-RHE (C-1/C-2 = 0.67) and a concomitant 10-fold increase of the CO partial current density. The enhanced ethylene production metrics, obtained by virtue of the higher intrinsic activity of the Ni-N-C support, point out toward a synergistic action between the two catalytic functionalities. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.9b08931
Nanoalloys&&alloy&&Highly Selective Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 into Methane on Cu-Bi Nanoalloys Methane (CH4), the main component of natural gas, is one of the most valuable products facilitating energy storage via electricity conversion. However, the poor selectivity and high overpotential for CH4 formation with metallic Cu catalysts prevent realistic applications. Introducing a second element to tune the electronic state of Cu has been widely used as an effective method to improve catalytic performance, but achieving high selectivity and activity toward CH4 remains challenging. Here, we successfully synthesized Cu-Bi NPs, which exhibit a CH4 Faradaic efficiency (FE) as high as 70.6% at -1.2 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The FE of Cu-Bi NPs has increased by approximately 25-fold compared with that of Cu NPs. DFT calculations showed that alloying Cu with Bi significantly decreases the formation energy of *COH formation, the rate-determining step, which explains the improved performance. Further analysis showed that Cu that has been partially oxidized because of electron withdrawal by Bi is the most possible active site. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpclett.0c01261
surface population of defect sites&&defect&&Mechanistic Insights into the Enhanced Activity and Stability of Agglomerated Cu Nanocrystals for the Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to n-Propanol The reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to n-propanol (CH3CH2CH2OH) using renewable electricity is a potentially sustainable route to the production of this valuable engine fuel. In this study, we report that agglomerates of similar to 15 nm sized copper nanocrystals exhibited unprecedented catalytic activity for this electrochemical reaction in aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3. The onset potential for the formation of n-propanol was 200300 mV more positive than for an electropolished Cu surface or Cu nanoparticles. At -0.95 V (vs RHE), n-propanol was formed on the Cu nanocrystals with a high current density (j(n)_(propanol)) of -1.74 mA/cm2, which is similar to 25x larger than that found on Cu-0 nanoparticles at the same applied potential. The Cu nanocrystals were also catalytically stable for at least 6 h, and only 14% deactivation was observed after 12 h of CO, reduction. Mechanistic studies suggest that n-propanol could be formed through the CC coupling of carbon monoxide and ethylene precursors. The enhanced activity of the Cu nanocrystals toward n-propanol formation was correlated to their surface population of defect sites. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpclett.5b02554
Alloy &&alloy&&Laser-Prepared CuZn Alloy Catalyst for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Ethylene Laser ablation in liquid was used to prepare homogeneous copper-zinc alloy catalysts that exhibited excellent selectivity for C2H4 in CO2 electroreduction, with faradaic efficiency values as high as 33.3% at a potential of -1.1 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode). The high proximity of Cu and Zn atoms on the surface of the catalyst was found to facilitate both stabilization of the CO* intermediate and its transfer from Zn atoms to their Cu neighbors, where further dimerization and protonation occur to give rise to a large amount of ethylene product. The new homogeneous nanocatalyst, along with the mechanism proposed for its performance, may be very helpful for in-depth understanding of processes related to carbon dioxide electroreduction and conversion. Doi:10.1021_acs.langmuir.8b02837
tailoring the electronic structure of Cu single atoms for the highly efficient reduction of CO2 into CH4&&atomic level dispersion&&Lewis Acid Site-Promoted Single-Atomic Cu Catalyzes Electrochemical CO2 Methanation Developing an efficient catalyst for the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is highly desired because of environmental and energy issues. Herein, we report a single-atomic-site Cu catalyst supported by a Lewis acid for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to CH4. Theoretical calculations suggested that Lewis acid sites in metal oxides (e.g., Al2O3, Cr2O3) can regulate the electronic structure of Cu atoms by optimizing intermediate absorption to promote CO2 methanation. Based on these theoretical results, ultrathin porous Al2O3 with enriched Lewis acid sites was explored as an anchor for Cu single atoms; this modification achieved a faradaic efficiency (FE) of 62% at -1.2 V (vs RHE) with a corresponding current density of 153.0 mA cm(-2) for CH4 formation. This work demonstrates an effective strategy for tailoring the electronic structure of Cu single atoms for the highly efficient reduction of CO2 into CH4. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.1c02502
core-shell structure&&structure control&&Enhanced CO2 Electrochemical Reduction Performance over Cu@AuCu Catalysts at High Noble Metal Utilization Efficiency The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) represents a viable alternative to help close the anthropogenic carbon cycle and convert intermittent electricity from renewable energy sources to chemical energy in the form of value-added chemicals. The development of economic catalysts possessing high faradaic efficiency (FE) and mass activity (MA) toward CO2RR is critical in accelerating CO2 utilization technology. Herein, an elaborate Au-Cu catalyst where an alloyed AuCu shell caps on a Cu core (Cu@AuCu) is developed and evaluated for CO2-to-CO electrochemical conversion. Specific roles of Cu and Au for CO2RR are revealed in the alloyed core-shell structure, respectively, and a compositional-dependent volcano-plot is disclosed for the Cu@AuCu catalysts toward selective CO production. As a result, the Au-2-Cu-8 alloyed core-shell catalyst (only 17% Au content) achieves an FECO value as high as 94% and an MA(CO) of 439 mA/mg(Au) at -0.8 V (vs RHE), superior to the values for pure Au, reflecting its high noble metal utilization efficiency. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.1c03483
alloyed &&alloy&&Enhanced CO2 Electrochemical Reduction Performance over Cu@AuCu Catalysts at High Noble Metal Utilization Efficiency The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) represents a viable alternative to help close the anthropogenic carbon cycle and convert intermittent electricity from renewable energy sources to chemical energy in the form of value-added chemicals. The development of economic catalysts possessing high faradaic efficiency (FE) and mass activity (MA) toward CO2RR is critical in accelerating CO2 utilization technology. Herein, an elaborate Au-Cu catalyst where an alloyed AuCu shell caps on a Cu core (Cu@AuCu) is developed and evaluated for CO2-to-CO electrochemical conversion. Specific roles of Cu and Au for CO2RR are revealed in the alloyed core-shell structure, respectively, and a compositional-dependent volcano-plot is disclosed for the Cu@AuCu catalysts toward selective CO production. As a result, the Au-2-Cu-8 alloyed core-shell catalyst (only 17% Au content) achieves an FECO value as high as 94% and an MA(CO) of 439 mA/mg(Au) at -0.8 V (vs RHE), superior to the values for pure Au, reflecting its high noble metal utilization efficiency. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.1c03483
CuI-derived Cu nanofibers&&structure control&&Rapid and Scalable Synthesis of Cuprous Halide-Derived Copper Nano-Architectures for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) into value-added chemicals and fuels provides a promising pathway for environmental and energy sustainability. Copper (Cu) demonstrates a unique ability to catalyze the electrochemical conversion of CO2 into valuable multicarbon products. However, developing a rapid, scalable and cost-effective method to synthesize efficient and stable Cu catalysts with high selectivity toward multicarbon products at a low overpotential is still hard to achieve and highly desirable. In this work, we present a facile wet chemistry approach to yield well-defined cuprous halide (CuX, X = Cl, Br or I) microcrystals with different degrees of truncations at edges/vertices, which can be ascribed to the oxidative etching mechanism of halide ions. More importantly, the as-obtained cuprous halides can be electrochemically transformed into varied Cu nanoarchitectures, thus exhibiting distinct CO2 reduction behaviors. The CuI-derived Cu nanofibers composed of self-assembled nanoparticles are reported for the first time, which favor the formation of C2+3 products at a low overpotential with a particular selectivity toward ethane. In comparison, the Cu nanocubes evolved from CuCl are highly selective toward C-1 products. For CuBr-derived Cu nanodendrites, C-1 products are subject to form at a low overpotential, while C2+3 products gradually become dominant with a favorable formation of ethylene when the potential turns more negative. This work explicitly reveals the critical morphology effect of halide-derived Cu nanostructures on the CO2 product selectivity, and also provides an ideal platform to investigate the structure-property relationship for CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.9b01197
product selectivity on Cu NWs is highly dependent on morphological features &&structure control&&Structure-Sensitive CO2 Electroreduction to Hydrocarbons on Ultrathin 5-fold Twinned Copper Nanowires Copper is uniquely active for the electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to products beyond carbon monoxide, such as methane (CH4) and ethylene (C2H4). Therefore, understanding selectivity trends for CO2, electrocatalysis on copper surfaces is critical for developing more efficient catalysts for CO2, conversion to higher order products. Herein, we investigate the electrocatalytic activity of ultrathin (diameter similar to 20 nm) 5-fold twinned copper nanowires (Cu NWs) for CO2, reduction. These Cu NW catalysts were found to exhibit high CH4 selectivity over other carbon products, reaching 55% Faradaic efficiency (FE) at -1.25 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode while other products were produced with less than 5% FE. This selectivity was found to be sensitive to morphological changes in the nanowire catalyst observed over the course of electrolysis. Wrapping the wires with graphene oxide was found to be a successful strategy for preserving both the morphology and reaction selectivity of the Cu NW's. These results suggest that product selectivity on Cu NWs is highly dependent on morphological features and that hydrocarbon selectivity can be manipulated by structural evolution or the prevention thereof. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.6b05287
nanocube &&structure control&&Cu3N Nanocubes for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Ethylene Understanding the Cu-catalyzed electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) under ambient conditions is both fundamentally interesting and technologically important for selective CO2RR to hydrocarbons. Current Cu catalysts studied for the CO2RR can show high activity but tend to yield a mixture of different hydrocarbons, posing a serious challenge on using any of these catalysts for selective CO2RR. Here, we report a new perovskite-type copper(I) nitride (Cu3N) nanocube (NC) catalyst for selective CO2RR. The 25 nm Cu3N NCs show high CO2RR selectivity and stability to ethylene (C2H4) at -1.6 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)) with the Faradaic efficiency of 60%, mass activity of 34 A/g, and C2H4/CH4 molar ratio of >2000. More detailed electrochemical characterization, X-ray photon spectroscopy, and density functional theory calculations suggest that the high CO2RR selectivity is likely a result of (100) Cu(I) stabilization by the Cu3N structure, which favors CO-CHO coupling on the (100) Cu3N surface, leading to selective formation of C2H4. Our study presents a good example of utilizing metal nitrides as highly efficient nanocatalysts for selective CO2RR to hydrocarbons that will be important for sustainable chemistry/energy applications. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.9b03324
 Cu nanocubes of similar to 70 nm in edge length are synthesized with {100} facets preferentially exposed on the surface&&structure control&&Copper Nanocubes for CO2 Reduction in Gas Diffusion Electrodes Electroreduction of CO2 represents a promising solution for addressing the global challenges in energy and sustainability. This reaction is highly sensitive to the surface structure of electrocatalysts and the local electrochemical environment. We have investigated the effect of Cu nanoparticle shape on the electrocatalysis of CO2 reduction by using gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) and flowing alkaline catholytes. Cu nanocubes of similar to 70 nm in edge length are synthesized with {100} facets preferentially exposed on the surface. They are demonstrated to possess substantially enhanced catalytic activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction, compared to Cu nanospheres of similar particle sizes. The electrocatalytic performance was further found to be dependent on the concentration of electrolyte (KOH). The Cu nanocubes reach a Faradaic efficiency of 60% and a partial current density of 144 mA/cm(2) toward ethylene (C2H4) production, with the catalytic enhancement being attributable to a combination of surface structure and electrolyte alkalinity effects. Doi:10.1021_acs.nanolett.9b02748
Hg incorporation led to significantly suppressed surface adsorption of hydrogen atoms, as well as increased surface concentration of the intermediate CO&&alloy&&Electrodeposited CuAgHg Multimetallic Thin Films for Improved CO2 Conversion: the Dramatic Impact of Hg Incorporation on Product Selectivity The CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) remains a prominent hurdle in the overall solar to fuel conversion process. A key research direction for CO2RR is tuning of the product selectivity to desired fuels while suppressing the undesired hydrogen-evolving side reaction. In this work, we employed a CuAgHg multimetallic thin-film catalyst for CO2RR. By incorporation of Hg atoms, we attempted to minimize the surface-adsorbed hydrogen atoms during CO2RR, thereby minimizing hydrogen evolution. In situ electrochemical surface interrogation along with vibrational spectroscopy revealed that Hg incorporation led to significantly suppressed surface adsorption of hydrogen atoms, as well as increased surface concentration of the intermediate CO, which is in competitive binding with protons. The two effects combined led to an ethanol-selective CO2RR catalyst; with the optimum composition, the CuAgHg electrode produced 32% ethanol and 41% C-2 (ethanol + ethylene) products, comparable to those of the best catalysts reported. Remarkably, this catalysis was possible holding the hydrogen evolving side reaction to mere 10% and achieving 100% overall faradaic efficiency. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c00784
their composition and geometry through the fabrication of three-dimensional hierarchical (3D-h) Cu nanostructure and the solution-based coating of Sn nanoparticles (NPs)&&structure control&&Compositional and Geometrical Effects of Bimetallic Cu-Sn Catalysts on Selective Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to CO Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) is a promising method toward carbon recycling. Highly selective bimetallic catalysts have been extensively demonstrated, while efforts to understand the compositional and geometrical effects have been limited. Here, we studied the relationship between the catalytic activity of bimetallic Cu-Sn catalysts with their composition and geometry through the fabrication of three-dimensional hierarchical (3D-h) Cu nanostructure and the solution-based coating of Sn nanoparticles (NPs). As the coating time of Sn NPs was increased from 1 to 60 s, Sn NPs with a larger size and a higher surface density were coated onto the 3D-h Cu, thus the surface atomic ratio of Cu/Sn gradually decreased. This compositional change in bimetallic Cu-Sn catalysts remarkably shifted the faradaic efficiency (FE) of carbon monoxide (CO) from 90.0 to 23.4% at -0.6 V-RHE. Moreover, we found that the catalytic performance increases as the geometric structure becomes complex in the order of flat, rods, and 3D-h Cu-Sn. The 3D-h Cu-Sn began to produce CO at a low potential of -0.15 V-RHE and showed the maximum FECO of 98.6% at -0.45 V-RHE. This study reveals that the synergetic effects of composition and nanoscale geometry are significant for the CO2 reduction reaction. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c00157
Nanowire Arrays&&structure control&&Tunable Syngas Formation from Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on Copper Nanowire Arrays Producing syngas from electrochemical reduction of CO2 by renewable energy offers an opportunity to reduce CO2 emissions and provide chemicals and fuels. Herein, we report the careful manipulation of the reduction treatment to synthesize copper nanowire arrays (Cu NAs). By thermal oxidation, copper oxide nanowires were grown on a Cu mesh. Then, thermal reduction and electrochemical reduction were used to reduce copper oxide to Cu with the morphologic features largely preserved. The derived Cu NAs are cost-effective electrocatalysts capable of reducing CO2 and H2O for tunable syngas production. It is demonstrated that syngas, the mixture of H-2 and CO, could be attained with a wide range of compositions (from 1:2 to 3:1) from CO, reduction and H2O reduction on these Cu NAs in aqueous solutions. In addition, Cu NAs show a high current density, 4 mA/cm(2), at a low potential, -0.5 V, with a high syngas faradaic efficiency of over 70%. This approach explores a new method that sheds light on tuning the syngas composition from the electrochemical CO2 reduction by Cu-based catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c01504
we have established a solution-synthesis route utilizing a molecular precursor containing M-P bonds to generate solid metal phosphide NPs with controlled stoichiometry and morphology&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction over Cu3P Nanoparticles Generated via a Molecular Precursor Route The design of nanoparticles (NPs) with tailored morphologies and finely tuned electronic and physical properties has become a key strategy for controlling selectivity and improving conversion efficiency in a variety of important electrocatalytic transformations. Transition metal phosphide NPs, in particular, have emerged as a versatile class of catalytic materials due to their multifunctional active sites and composition- and phase-dependent properties. Access to targeted transition metal phosphide NPs with controlled features is necessary to tune the catalytic activity. To this end, we have established a solution-synthesis route utilizing a molecular precursor containing M-P bonds to generate solid metal phosphide NPs with controlled stoichiometry and morphology. We expand here the application of molecular precursors in metal phosphide NP synthesis to include the preparation of phase-pure Cu3P NPs from the thermal decomposition of [Cu(H)(PPh3)](6). The mechanism of [Cu(H)(PPh3)](6) decomposition and subsequent formation of Cu3P was investigated through modification of the reaction parameters. Identification and optimization of the critical reaction parameters (i.e., time, temperature, and oleylamine concentration) enabled the synthesis of phase-pure 9-11 nm Cu3P NPs. To probe the multifunctionality of this materials system, Cu3P NPs were investigated as an electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction. At low overpotential (-0.30 V versus RHE) in 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte, Cu3P-modified carbon paper electrodes produced formate (HCOO-) at a maximum Faradaic efficiency of 8%. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c01360
the patterning of the Sn layer on Cu foil&&structure control&&Evidence of Local Corrosion of Bimetallic Cu-Sn Catalysts and Its Effects on the Selectivity of Electrochemical CO2 Reduction The electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction is a promising method for carbon recycling. Bimetallic catalysts have been extensively developed for the selective production of carbon monoxide (CO) and formate (HCOOH), while efforts to understand the change in structure and composition under reaction conditions have been limited. Here, we provided experimental evidence for the local corrosion phenomenon of bimetallic Cu-Sn catalysts through the patterning of the Sn layer on Cu foil (Cu/p-Sn). The surface composition and morphology of Cu/p-Sn 3 nm catalysts spontaneously changed during the reaction in CO2 -purged 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte. The Sn patterns became thinner, and the Sn elements were migrated to the outside of the patterns. Consequently, the Cu/p-Sn catalysts exhibited a unique catalytic selectivity of high CO faradaic efficiency (FECO) of 58.1% at -1.0 V-RHE, which cannot be obtained from the bulk Cu (FECO = 7.5%) and Cu/Sn catalysts without the Sn pattern (FEHCOOH = 90.6%). Moreover, the catalytic selectivity of the Cu/p-Sn catalysts shifted from CO to HCOOH as the thickness of the Sn pattern increased from 3 to 50 nm. This study sheds light on the origin of the local corrosion of bimetallic catalysts and its effect on the catalytic selectivity of CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c01617
CuS nanosheet arrays&&structure control&&CuS Nanosheet Arrays for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction with Surface Reconstruction and the Effect on Selective Formation of Formate Copper-based catalysts have shown excellent performance in electrochemical CO2 reduction, but there has not been much study on copper sulfides. In our work, a simple and low-temperature chemical bath deposition method was used to fabricate CuS nanosheet arrays on brass, on which a Faradaic efficiency over 70% and a production rate over 50 mA.cm(-2) for formate were obtained at a low potential of -0.7 V vs RHE when used as a catalytic electrode for CO2 reduction. During the CO2 reduction process, CuS nanosheets were partially reduced to Cu-0 and reconstructed to a nanowire network. It was found that residual S beneath the Cu-0 layer lowered the binding energies of intermediates HCOO* and *COOH, promoting their desorption and the successive formation of HCOOH or HCOO-, thus regulating the high selectivity of the product. This work provides a convenient and economical method for developing a highly active electrocatalyst for producing HCOOH in CO2 electroreduction, and it is beneficial to understand the mechanism of enhanced selectivity to HCOO- for CuS electrode materials. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.0c03190
 The laser treatment allows us to tune the surface morphology and the chemical composition of the copper electrocatalysts.&&structure control&&Electrochemical Carbon Dioxide Reduction on Femtosecond Laser-Processed Copper Electrodes: Effect on the Liquid Products by Structuring and Doping A femtosecond laser process is presented increasing the surface area of copper electrocatalysts for an electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). The laser treatment allows us to tune the surface morphology and the chemical composition of the copper electrocatalysts. This tunability is used to correlate the role of the surface area and catalyst dopants with the selectivity of the CO2RR. The liquid products of the CO2RR are monitored through ex situ nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. The products' distribution shows that the electrode surface area plays a key role in the electrochemical conversion of CO2 into multicarbon liquid products. We show that sulfur dopants boost the production of formate. Remarkably, by co-doping sulfur and fluoride, we show that the chalcogenide dopant counteracts the known boosting effect of fluoride to convert CO2 into multicarbon products. Oxygen doping in the range of 2-19 atom % does not significantly affect the distribution of liquid products from CO2 electroreduction. In a broad perspective, this work highlights the potential of the femtosecond laser process to fine-tune surfaces to produce photo- and electrocatalyst materials. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.1c00759
Nanoalloys &&alloy&&Tailoring the Selectivity of Bimetallic Copper-Palladium Nanoalloys for Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to CO Controlling the morphology and composition of bimetallic nanoalloys is an effective way to tailor their catalytic activity/selectivity for a given chemical reaction. Herein, we demonstrate the tailoring of bimetallic copper-palladium (Cu-Pd) nanoalloys with different morphologies and compositions for obtaining highly efficient electrocatalysts for the reduction of CO2 to CO. We further evaluate the catalytic performance of these Cu-Pd nanomaterials for the electrochemical conversion of CO2 to CO. In particular, the spherical Cu-Pd nanoalloys with Cu/Pd molar ratio of 1/0.3 have the highest Faradaic efficiency for CO conversion (93%), while the dendritic Cu-Pd nanoalloys have the highest Faradaic efficiency for H-2 production (65.2%) via hydrogen evolution reaction at a polarized potential of -0.87 V. The balancing of the rate-determining steps during CO2 conversion is a key factor for the observed activity/selectivity of Cu-Pd nanoalloys with different morphologies/compositions. The findings revealed in this study may shed some light on the design of cost-effective and efficient electrocatalysts for CO2 conversion to CO or to other useful hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.7b00320
Three-Dimensional Hierarchical Copper-Based Nanostructures&&structure control&&Three-Dimensional Hierarchical Copper-Based Nanostructures as Advanced Electrocatalysts for CO2 Reduction Cu-based nanomaterials have received increasing interest for electrocatalytic applications in the CO2 reduction reaction. However, it is challenging to design nanostructured Cu electrodes to improve both the chemical kinetics and molecular transport under the reaction conditions. Here we report on a new type of three-dimensional Cu-based nanostructures as advanced electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction. Driven by thermal oxidation, CuO nanowires and/or porous nanostructures are grown on commercial Cu foams with three-dimensional (3D) frameworks. An electrochemical method is used to reduce CuO to Cu with the structural features largely preserved. The derived Cu-based hierarchical nanostructures demonstrate high catalytic activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction, achieving >80% Faradaic efficiency and similar to 3 times enhancement in terms of CO2 conversion rate as compared to the Cu nanowires grown on planar electrodes. Our work highlights the great potential of 3D Cu nanostructures for improving the energy efficiency and power performance of CO2 electrolysis. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.8b00356
the selectivity of an electrochemically reduced Cu(OH)(2) nanowire catalyst toward C-2-C-3 compounds (ethylene, ethanol, and n-propanol) is systemically modified by surface morphology&&structure control&&Enhancing C-2-C-3 Production from CO2 on Copper Electrocatalysts via a Potential-Dependent Mesostructure The electrochemical conversion of CO2 to hydrocarbons and alcohols for use as a renewable energy storage medium is a promising approach to CO2 utilization and energy sustainability. Herein, we demonstrate that the selectivity of an electrochemically reduced Cu(OH)(2) nanowire catalyst toward C-2-C-3 compounds (ethylene, ethanol, and n-propanol) is systemically modified by surface morphology, which is governed by the electrolysis potential. The total Faradaic efficiency of CO2 reduction to C-2-C-3 compounds is found to be 38% at a moderate potential of -0.81 V vs RHE, and stable electrocatalytic performance is observed for 40 h of CO2 electrolysis. Electro- and physicochemical analyses indicate that the Cu(OH)(2) nanowires are completely reduced to metallic Cu, forming a mesostructured catalyst after a few minutes of electrolysis. The shift in product selectivity is strongly correlated with this change in mesoscale catalyst morphology, offering additional dimensionality and multiple length scales for catalyst design to achieve efficient CO, reduction to valuable C-2-C-3 compounds, especially alcohols. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.8b00048
Nanowires&&structure control&&Selective Formation of C2 Products from Electrochemical CO2 Reduction over Cu1.8Se Nanowires Electrochemical reduction of CO2 into higher-value C2 products (e.g., C2H4 and EtOH) is desirable for applications in chemical and fuel industries. Herein, we report that Cu1.8Se nanowires supported on Cu foam can function as an efficient electrocatalyst for selective reduction of CO2 to C2 products, with the Faradaic efficiencies for C2H4 and EtOH production reaching 55% and 24% at -1.1 V, respectively. Additionally, these nanowires also demonstrate a good long-term stability. We believe that the high C2/C1 product selectivity exhibited by the resulting catalyst is more likely due to a high CO2 pressure and the presence of Se species. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.8b00744
dendritic morphological features&&structure control&&Sn-Decorated Cu for Selective Electrochemical CO2 to CO Conversion: Precision Architecture beyond Composition Design Sn-decorated Cu (Cu-Sn) electrodes were proposed as an alternative to Ag- and Au-based electrocatalysts for the selective reduction of CO2 to CO. Here we demonstrate that selectivity does not only depend on catalyst surface composition, but is strongly affected by the electrode morphology. At current densities above 10 mA.cm(-2), we find that morphology can control the CO2 reduction pathways to CO and other products, including the competing H-2 evolution, on the Cu-Sn surface. An electrode design with dendritic morphological features yields the highest CO partial current density of 11.5 mA.cm(-2) at -1.1 V vs RHE, avoiding the significant loss of CO selectivity observed for an electrode with less sharp, rounder morphological features. Efficient CO2 mass transport to the catalyst surface and a high local CO2 concentration, promoted by the dendritic structure, stabilize the Cu-SnO overlayer, suppress the competing H-2 evolution reaction, and maintain CO selectivity above 85% over a wide potential range. Doi:10.1021_acsaem.8b01944
Our work highlights the significant role of the substrate in the selectivity of the deposited catalyst&&composite&&Modulated Sn Oxidation States over a Cu2O-Derived Substrate for Selective Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Pursuing high catalytic selectivity is challenging but paramount for an efficient and low-cost CO2 electrochemical reduction (CO2R). In this work, we demonstrate a significant correlation between the selectivity of CO2R to formate and the duration of tin (Sn) electrodeposition over a cuprous oxide (Cu2O)-derived substrate. A Sn electrodeposition time of 120 s led to a cathode with a formate Faradaic efficiency of around 81% at -1.1 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), which was more than 37% higher than those of the Sn foil and the sample treated for 684 s. This result highlights the significant role of the interface between deposited Sn and the cuprous-derived substrate in determining the selectivity of CO2R. High-resolution X-ray photoelectron spectra revealed that the residual cuprous species at the Cu/Sn interfaces could stabilize Sn species in oxidation states of 2+ and 4+, a mixture of which is essential for a selective formate conversion. Such modulation effects likely arise from the moderate electronegativity of the cuprous species that is lower than that of Sn2+ but higher than that of Sn4+. Our work highlights the significant role of the substrate in the selectivity of the deposited catalyst and provides a new avenue to advance selective electrodes for CO2 electrochemical reduction. Doi:10.1021_acsami.0c00412
average size and surface density of CuSx nanoparticles (NPs)&&structure control&&Spontaneously Formed CuSx Catalysts for Selective and Stable Electrochemical Reduction of Industrial CO2 Gas to Formate The electrochemical CO2 reduction in aqueous media is a promising method for both the mitigation of climate changes and the generation of value-added fuels. Although many researchers have demonstrated selective and stable catalysts for electrochemical reduction of pure CO2 gas, the conversion of industrial CO2 gas has been limited. Here, we fabricated the copper sulfide catalysts (CuSx), which were spontaneously formed by dipping a Cu foil into a laboratory-prepared industrial CO2-purged 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte. Because industrial CO2 contains H2S gas, sulfur species dissolved in the electrolyte can easily react with the Cu foil. As the concentration of dissolved sulfur species increased, the reaction between the Cu foil and sulfur enhanced. As a result, the average size and surface density of CuSx nanoparticles (NPs) increased to 133.2 +/- 33.1 nm and 86.2 +/- 3.3%, respectively. Because of the larger amount of sulfur content and the enlarged electrochemical surface area of CuSx NPs, the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of formate was improved from 22.7 to 72.0% at -0.6 VRHE. Additionally, CuSx catalysts showed excellent stability in reducing industrial CO2 to formate. The change in FE was hardly observed even after long-term (72 h) operation. This study experimentally demonstrated that spontaneously formed CuSx catalysts are efficient and stable for reducing the industrial CO2 gas to formate. Doi:10.1021_acsami.0c03606
The enhancement of formate production selectivity and the suppression of the hydrogen by-product were attributed to the optimized ratio of SnOx species on the electrode surface.&&composite&&Tuning the Product Selectivity of the Cu Hollow Fiber Gas Diffusion Electrode for Efficient CO2 Reduction to Formate by Controlled Surface Sn Electrodeposition The efficient CO2 electrochemical reduction reaction (CO2RR) relies not only on the development of selective/active catalysts but also on the advanced electrode configuration to solve the critical issue of poor CO2 mass transport and derived sluggish cathodic reaction kinetics. In this work, to achieve a favorable reaction rate and product selectivity, we designed and synthesized an asymmetric porous Cu hollow fiber gas diffusion electrode (HFGDE) with controlled Sn surface electrodeposition. The HFGDE derived from the optimal Sn electrodeposition condition exhibited a formate Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 78% and a current density of 88 mA cm(-2) at -1.2 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode, which are more than 2 times higher than those from the pristine Cu HFGDE. The achieved performance outperformed most of the other Sn-based GDEs, indicating the creation of sufficient contact among CO2, electrolyte, and electrode catalyst through the design of the hollow fiber pore structure and catalytic active sites. The enhancement of formate production selectivity and the suppression of the hydrogen by-product were attributed to the optimized ratio of SnOx species on the electrode surface. The best performance was seen in the HFGDE with the highest Sn2+/Sn4+ (120 s deposition), likely due to the modulating effect of the Cu substrate via electron donation with Sn species. The selectivity control strategy developed in the asymmetric HFGDE provides an efficient and facile method to stimulate selective electrochemical reactions in which the gas-phase reactant with low solubility is involved. Doi:10.1021_acsami.0c03681
Nanostructures &&structure control&&Synthesis of Cu2O Nanostructures with Tunable Crystal Facets for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Alcohols Electrochemical CO2 reduction enables the conversion of intermittent renewable energy to value-added chemicals and fuel, presenting a promising strategy to relieve CO2 emission and achieve clean energy storage. In this work, we developed nanosized Cu2O catalysts using the hydrothermal method for electrochemical CO2 reduction to alcohols. Cu2O nanoparticles (NPs) of various morphologies that were enclosed with different crystal facets, named as Cu2O-c (cubic structure with (100) facets), Cu2O-o (octahedron structure with (111) facets), Cu2O-t (truncated octahedron structure with both (100) and (111) facets), and Cu2O-u (urchin-like structure with (100), (220), and (222) facets), were prepared by regulating the content of a polyvinyl pyrrolidone (PVP) template. The electrochemical CO2 reduction performance of the different Cu2O NPs was evaluated in the CO2-saturated 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte. The as-synthesized Cu2O nanostructures were capable of reducing CO2 to produce alcohols including methanol, ethanol, and isopropanol. The alcohol selectivity of the different Cu2O NPs followed the order of Cu2O-t < Cu2O-u < Cu2O-c < Cu2O-o (with the total Faradaic efficiencies of alcohol products of 10.7, 25.0, 26.2, and 35.4%). The facet-dependent effects were associated with the varied concentrations of oxygen-vacancy defects, different energy barriers of CO2 reduction, and distinct Cu-O bond lengths over the different crystal facets. The desired Cu2O-o catalyst exhibited good reduction activity with the highest partial current density of 0.51 mA/cm(2) for alcohols. The Faradaic efficiencies of alcohol products were 4.9% for methanol, 17.9% for ethanol, and 12.6% for isopropanol. The good electrochemical CO2 reduction performance was also associated with the surface reconstruction of Cu2O, which endowed the catalyst with abundant Cu-0 and Cu+ sites for promoted CO2 activation and stabilized CO* adsorption for enhanced C-C coupling. This work will provide a new route for enhancing the alcohol selectivity of nanostructured Cu2O catalysts by crystal facet engineering. Doi:10.1021_acsami.1c03850
novel high-surface-area material&&structure control&&Suppression of the Hydrogen Evolution Reaction Is the Key: Selective Electrosynthesis of Formate from CO2 over Porous In55Cu45 Catalysts Direct electrosynthesis of formate through CO2 electroreduction (denoted CO2RR) is currently attracting great attention because formate is a highly valuable commodity chemical that is already used in a wide range of applications (e.g., formic acid fuel cells, tanning, rubber production, preservatives, and antibacterial agents). Herein, we demonstrate highly selective production of formate through CO2RR from a CO2-saturated aqueous bicarbonate solution using a porous In55Cu45 alloy as the electrocatalyst. This novel high-surface-area material was produced by means of an electrodeposition process utilizing the dynamic hydrogen bubble template approach. Faradaic efficiencies (FEs) of formate production (FEformate) never fell below 90% within a relatively broad potential window of approximately 400 mV, ranging from - 0.8 to -1.2 V vs the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). A maximum FEformate of 96.8%, corresponding to a partial current density of j(formate) = -8.9 mA cm(-2), was yielded at -1.0 V vs RHE. The experimental findings suggested a CO2RR mechanism involving stabilization of the HCOO* intermediate on the In55Cu45 alloy surface in combination with effective suppression of the parasitic hydrogen evolution reaction. What makes this CO2RR alloy catalyst particularly valuable is its stability against degradation and chemical poisoning. An almost constant formate efficiency of similar to 94% was maintained in an extended 30 h electrolysis experiment, whereas pure In film catalysts (the reference benchmark system) showed a pronounced decrease in formate efficiency from 82% to 50% under similar experimental conditions. The identical location scanning electron microscopy approach was applied to demonstrate the structural stability of the applied In55Cu45 alloy foam catalysts at various length scales. We demonstrate that the proposed catalyst concept could be transferred to technically relevant support materials (e.g., carbon cloth gas diffusion electrode) without altering its excellent figures of merit. Doi:10.1021_acsami.1c07829
mesoporous foams with Cu10Sn surface composition&&structure control&&Electrocatalyst Derived from Waste Cu-Sn Bronze for CO2 Conversion into CO To sustainably exist within planetary boundaries, we must greatly curtail our extraction of fuels and materials from the Earth. This requires new technologies based on reuse and repurposing of material already available. Electrochemical conversion of CO2 into valuable chemicals and fuels is a promising alternative to deriving them from fossil fuels. But most metals used for electrocatalysis are either endangered or at serious risk of limitation to their future supply. Here, we demonstrate a combined strategy for repurposing of a waste industrial Cu-Sn bronze as a catalyst material precursor and its application toward CO2 reuse. By a simple electrochemical transfer method, waste bronzes with composition Cu14Sn were anodically dissolved and cathodically redeposited under dynamic hydrogen bubble template conditions to yield mesoporous foams with Cu10Sn surface composition. The bimetal foam electrodes exhibited high CO2 electroreduction selectivity toward CO, achieving greater than 85% faradaic efficiency accompanied by a considerable suppression of the competing H-2 evolution reaction. The Cu-Sn foam electrodes showed good durability over several hours of continuous electrolysis without any significant change in the composition, morphology, and selectivity for CO as a target product. Doi:10.1021_acsami.1c05015
Pyramid-Textured&&structure control&&Tandem Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction with Efficient Intermediate Conversion over Pyramid-Textured Cu-Ag Catalysts If combined with renewably generated electricity, electrochemical CO2 reduction (E-CO2R) could be used as a sustainable source of chemicals and fuels. Tandem catalysis approaches are attractive for providing the product selectivity, which would be required for commercial applications. Here, we demonstrate a two-step tandem electrocatalytic E-CO2R with efficient conversion of the intermediate species. The catalyst scaffold is Si(100), which is etched to form a textured surface consisting of micron-sized pyramid structures with the {111} facets. Two metals are used in the electrocatalytic cascade: Ag is employed to perform a two-electron reduction of CO2 to the intermediate CO, and Cu performs conversion to more reduced products. Using high-angle physical vapor deposition, we form separated, micron-scale areas of the two electrocatalysts on opposite sides of the pyramids, with their relative surface coverages being tunable with the deposition angle. Compared to the textured scaffolds with blanket Ag and Cu used as controls, bimetallic pyramid tandem catalysts have higher current densities and much lower faradic efficiencies (FE) for CO. These effects are due to efficient conversion of the CO formed on Ag to more reduced products on Cu. Methane is the main product to be enhanced by the cascade pathway: a bimetallic catalyst with approximately equal coverages of Ag and Cu produces methane with a FE of 62% at -1.1 V-RHE, corresponding to a partial current density of 12.7 mA cm(-2). We estimate an intermediate conversion yield for the CO intermediate of 80-90%, which is close to the mass-transport limited value predicted by reaction-diffusion simulations. Doi:10.1021_acsami.1c08688
 bifunctional "interface" &&structure control&&Bifunctional Interface of Au and Cu for Improved CO2 Electroreduction Gold is known currently as the most active single-element electrocatalyst for CO2 electroreduction reaction to CO. In this work, we combine Au with a second metal element, Cu, to reduce the amount of precious metal content by increasing the surface-to-mass ratio and to achieve comparable activity to Au-based catalysts. In particular, we demonstrate that the introduction of a Au-Cu bifunctional "interface" is more beneficial than a simple and conventional homogeneous alloying of Au and Cu in stabilizing the key intermediate species, *COOH. The main advantages of the proposed metal metal bifunctional interfacial catalyst over the bimetallic alloys include that (1) utilization of active materials is improved, and (2) intrinsic properties of metals are less affected in bifunctional catalysts than in alloys, which can then facilitate a rational bifunctional design. These results demonstrate for the first time the importance of metal metal interfaces and morphology, rather than the simple mixing of the two metals homogeneously, for enhanced catalytic synergies. Doi:10.1021_acsami.6b05903
Nanofibrous &&structure control&&Improvement of Catalytic Activity by Nanofibrous CuInS2 for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction The current study reports the application of chalcopyrite semiconductor CuInS2 (CIS) nanofibers for the reduction of CO2 to CO with a remarkable Faradaic efficiency of 77 +/- 4%. Initially the synthesis of CuInS2 nanofibers was carried out by adaptable electrospinning technique. To reduce the imperfection in the crystalline fiber, polyacrylonitrile (PAN) was selected as template polymer. Afterward, the desired chemical structure of nanofibers was achieved through sulfurization process. Making continuous CuInS2 nanofibers on the cathode surface by the electrospinning method brings the advantages of being economical, environmentally safe, and versatile. The obtained nanofibers of well investigated size and diameter according to the SEM (scanning electron microscope) were used in electrochemical studies. An improvement of Faradaic efficiency was achieved with the catalytic active CuInS2 in nanofibrous structure as compared to the solution processed CuInS2. This underlines the important effect of the electrode fabrication on the catalytic performance. Being less contaminated as compared to solution processing, and having a well-defined composition and increased catalytically active area, the CuInS2 nanofiber electrodes prepared by the electrospinning technique show a 4 times higher Faradaic efficiency. Furthermore, in this study, attention was paid to the stability of the CuInS2 nanofiber electrodes. The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO by using CIS nanofibers coated onto FTO electrodes was carried out for 10 h in total. The observed current density of 0.22 mA cm(-2) and the stability of CIS nanofiber electrodes are found to be competitive with other heterogeneous electrocatalysts. Hence, we believe that the fabrication and application of nanofibrous materials through the electrospinning technique might be of interest for electrocatalytic studies in CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_acsami.6b11151
The improvements in activity and selectivity of the oxide-derived Cu/carbon might be attributed to the synergistic effect between the highly dispersed copper and the matrix of porous carbon.&&composite&&CO2 Electroreduction at Low Overpotential on Oxide-Derived Cu/Carbons Fabricated from Metal Organic Framework Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to chemical feedstocks is an attractive solution that prevents CO2 accumulation in the atmosphere, but it remains a great challenge to develop the cost-effective catalysts. Herein, we synthesized oxide-derived Cu/carbon (OD Cu/C) catalysts by a facile carbonization of Cu-based MOF (HKUST-1). The resulting materials exhibited highly selective CO2 reduction to alcohol compounds with total faradic efficiencies of 45.2-71.2% at -0.1 to -0.7 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). High-yield methanol and ethanol has been achieved on OD Cu/C-1000 with the production rates of 5.1-12.4 and 3.7-13.4 mg L-1 h(-1), respectively. Notably, the onset potential for C2H5OH formation is near -0.1 V (versus RHE), corresponding to similar to 190 mV of overpotential, which is among the lowest overpotentials reported to date for the reduction of CO2 to C2H5OH. The improvements in activity and selectivity of the oxide-derived Cu/carbon might be attributed to the synergistic effect between the highly dispersed copper and the matrix of porous carbon. These findings provide a new insight into design of practical catalysts for decreasing atmospheric CO2 levels and synthesizing liquid fuels. Doi:10.1021_acsami.6b15402
copper foil electrodes modified with nanopores&&structure control&&Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Ethylene on Nanopores-Modified Copper Electrodes in Aqueous Solution Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide was carried out on copper foil electrodes modified with nanopores on the surface. Such nanopores modified structure was obtained through an alloying dealloying process. Scanning electron microscopy, energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy confirmed the formation of alloy layer and the final nanoporous morphology of such copper electrodes. When used in electrolysis process, the as-prepared nanoporesmodified electrodes can suppress the Faradaic efficiency toward methane to less than 1%, while keeping that of ethylene in a high level of 35% in aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 solution under -1.3 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode), thus revealing a remarkable selectivity toward ethylene production. The high yield of ethylene can be ascribed to the exposed specific crystalline orientations. Doi:10.1021_acsami.7b10421
Cu-3(BTC)(2) (Cu-MOF) as CO2 capture agent was introduced into a carbon paper based gas diffusion electrode (GDE)&&composite&&Selective Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Using Cu Based Metal Organic Framework for CO2 Capture The conversion efficiency and product selectivity of the electroreduction of carbon dioxide have been largely limited by the low CO2 solubility in aqueous solution. To relieve this problem, Cu-3(BTC)(2) (Cu-MOF) as CO2 capture agent was introduced into a carbon paper based gas diffusion electrode (GDE) in this study. The faradaic efficiencies (FEs) of CH4 on GDE with Cu-MOF weight ratio in the range of 7.5-10% are 2-3-fold higher than that of GDE without Cu-MOF addition under negative potentials (-2.3 to -2.5 V vs SCE), and the FE of the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) is reduced to 30%. This work paves the way to develop GDE with high catalytic activity for ERC. Doi:10.1021_acsami.7b15255
the high selectivity toward formate production can be attributed to the effect of S dopants on the Cu catalyst&&structure control&&On the Role of Sulfur for the Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Formate on CuSx Catalysts The efficient electroreduction of CO2 has received significant attention as it is one of the crucial means to develop a closed-loop anthropogenic carbon cycle. Here, we describe the mechanistic workings of an electrochemically deposited CuSx catalyst that can reduce CO2 to formate with a Faradaic efficiency (FEHCOO-) of 75% and geometric current density (j(HCOO)(-)) of -9.0 mA/cm(2) at -0.9 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode. At this potential, the formation of other CO2 reduction products such as hydrocarbons and CO was notably suppressed (total FE < 4%). The formate intermediate (HCOO*) was identified by operando Raman spectroscopy with isotopic labeling. A combination of electrochemical and materials characterization techniques revealed that the high selectivity toward formate production can be attributed to the effect of S dopants on the Cu catalyst, rather than surface morphology. Density functional theory calculations showed that the presence of sulfur weakens the HCOO* and *COOH adsorption energies, such that the formation of *COOH toward CO is suppressed, while the formation of HCOO* toward formate is favored. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b08428
alloy &&alloy&&Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to CO on Zn-Based Foams Produced by Cu2+ and Template-Assisted Electrodeposition In this work, we aim to develop a Zn-based metal foam catalyst with very large specific area suitable for efficient CO production. Its manufacture is based on the dynamic hydrogen bubble template method that consists of the superposition of metal deposition and hydrogen evolution at the solid liquid interface. We employed Cu ions in the Zn2+-rich electroplating bath as foaming agent. The concentration of Cu as foaming agent was systematically studied and an optimized Zn94Cu6 foam alloy was developed, which, to the best of our knowledge, is the most selective Zn-based CO2 electrocatalyst toward CO in aqueous bicarbonate solution (FECO = 90% at -0.95 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode). This high efficiency is ascribed to the combination of high density of low-coordinated active sites and preferential Zn(101) over Zn(002) texturing. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy investigations demonstrate that the actual catalyst material is shaped upon reduction of an oxide/hydroxide-terminating surface under CO2 electrolysis conditions. Moreover, intentional stressing by oxidation at room conditions proved to be beneficial for further activation of the catalyst. Identical location scanning electron microscopy imaging before and after CO2 electrolysis and long-term electrolysis experiments also showed that the developed Zn94Cu6 foam catalyst is both structurally and chemically stable at reductive conditions. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b09894
tailor-made multifunction-coupled Cu-metal-organic framework (Cu-MOF) electrocatalyst&&structure control&&Restructuring of Cu2O to Cu2O@Cu-Metal-Organic Frameworks for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to hydrocarbons, driven by renewable power sources, is a fascinating and clean way to remedy greenhouse gas emission as a result of overdependence on fossil fuels and produce value-added fine chemicals. The Cu-based catalysts feature unique superiorities; nevertheless, achieving high hydrocarbon selectivity is still inhibited and remains a great challenge. In this study, we report on a tailor-made multifunction-coupled Cu-metal-organic framework (Cu-MOF) electrocatalyst by time-resolved controllable restructuration from Cu2O to Cu2O@Cu-MOF. The restructured electrocatalyst features a time-responsive behavior and is equipped with high specific surface area for strong adsorption capacity of CO2 and abundant active sites for high electrocatalysis activity based on the as-produced MOF on the surface of Cu2O, as well as the accelerated charge transfer derived from the Cu2O core in comparison with the Cu-MOF. These intriguing characteristics finally lead to a prominent performance towards hydrocarbons, with a high hydrocarbon Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 79.4%, particularly, the CH4 FE as high as 63.2% (at -1.71 V). This work presents a novel and efficient strategy to configure MOF-based materials in energy and catalysis fields, with a focus on big surface area, high adsorption ability, and much more exposed active sites. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b19111
Core/Shell Nanoparticles&&structure control&&Boosting Tunable Syngas Formation via Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on Cu/In2O3 Core/Shell Nanoparticles In this work, monodisperse core/shell Cu/In2O3 nanoparticles (NPs) were developed to boost efficient and tunable syngas formation via electrochemical CO2 reduction for the first time. The efficiency and composition of syngas production on the developed carbon-supported Cu/In2O3 catalysts are highly dependent on the In2O3 shell thickness (0.4-1.5 nm). As a result, a wide H-2/CO ratio (4/1 to 0.4/1) was achieved on the Cu/In2O3 catalysts by controlling the shell thickness and the applied potential (from -0.4 to -0.9 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode), with Faraday efficiency of syngas formation larger than 90%. Specifically, the best-performing Cu/In2O3 catalyst demonstrates remarkably large current densities under low overpotentials (4.6 and 12.7 mA/cm(2) at -0.6 and -0.9 V, respectively), which are competitive with most of the reported systems for syngas formation. Mechanistic discussion implicates that the synergistic effect between lattice compression and Cu doping in the 1%03 shell may enhance the binding of *COOH on the Cu/In2O3 NP surface, leading to the enhanced CO generation relative to Cu and In2O3 catalysts. This report demonstrates a new strategy to realize efficient and tunable syngas formation via rationally designed core/shell catalyst configuration. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b12747
an improved selectivity for CO is obtained for AgCu foam catalysts at lower overpotentials compared to Cu foam catalyst, evidencing a synergistic effect between the bimetallic components&&composite&&Electrodeposited AgCu Foam Catalysts for Enhanced Reduction of CO2 to CO Selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 is an emerging field which needs more active and stable catalysts for its practicability. In this work, we have studied the influence of Ag metal incorporation into Cu dendritic structures on the product distribution and selectivity of CO2 electroreduction. Bimetallic AgCu foams prepared by hydrogen bubble templated electrodeposition shift the potentials of CO production to more positive values compared to bulk silver. The presence of Ag during the electrodeposition significantly changed the size and the shape of the dendrites in the pore walls of AgCu foams compared to Cu foam. The CO adsorption characteristics are studied by operando Raman spectroscopy. In the presence of Ag, the maximum CO adsorption is observed at a more positive potential. As a result, an improved selectivity for CO is obtained for AgCu foam catalysts at lower overpotentials compared to Cu foam catalyst, evidencing a synergistic effect between the bimetallic components. We were successful in increasing the CO mass activity with respect to the total Ag amount. AgCu foams are found to retain the CO selectivity during long-term operation, and with their easily scalable electrodeposition synthesis they possess high potential for industrial application. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b22071
sharp interface&&structure control&&Silver/Copper Interface for Relay Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide to Ethylene CO2 electroreduction provides an effective solution on CO2 emission and greenhouse effect. However, it is a big challenge to produce hydrocarbon fuels with high energy density via the electroreduction of CO2. Here we report the efficient production of ethylene by constructing Ag-Cu bimetallic catalyst with sharp interface; the Faradaic efficiency for ethylene formation is enhanced to 42%, more than 2 times that of pure Cu catalyst. The high yield of ethylene can be rationalized by the relay catalysis of Ag and Cu component around the Ag/Cu interface. Doi:10.1021_acsami.8b20545
alloys &&alloy&&Electronic Effects Determine the Selectivity of Planar Au-Cu Bimetallic Thin Films for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Au-Cu bimetallic thin films with controlled composition were fabricated by magnetron sputtering co-deposition, and their performance for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 was investigated. The uniform planar morphology served as a platform to evaluate the electronic effect isolated from morphological effects while minimizing geometric contributions. The catalytic selectivity and activity of Au-Cu alloys was found to be correlated with the variation of electronic structure that was varied with tunable composition. Notably, the d-band center gradually shifted away from the Fermi level with increasing Au atomic ratio, leading to a weakened binding energy of *CO, which is consistent with low CO coverage observed in CO stripping experiments. The decrease in the *CO binding strength results in the enhanced catalytic activity for CO formation with the increase in Au content. In addition, it was observed that copper oxide/hydroxide species are less stable on Au-Cu surfaces compared to those on the pure Cu surface, where the surface oxophilicity could be critical to tuning the binding strength of *OCHO. These results imply that the altered electronic structure could explain the decreased formation of HCOO- on the Au-Cu alloys. In general, the formation of CO and HCOO- as main CO2 reduction products on planar Au-Cu alloys followed the shift of the d-band center, which indicates that the electronic effect is the major governing factor for the electrocatalytic activity of CO2 reduction on Au-Cu bimetallic thin films. Doi:10.1021_acsami.9b01553
the composition-dependent synergistic effect results in the enhanced selectivity for CO on the hybrid catalyst&&composite&&Achieving Efficient CO2 Electrochemical Reduction on Tunable In(OH)(3)-Coupled Cu2O-Derived Hybrid Catalysts Tunable In(OH)(3)-coupled Cu2O-derived hybrid catalysts are facilely synthesized to boost the selectivity and efficiency of the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). The maximum faradaic efficiency (FE) of 90.37% for CO production is achieved at -0.8 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode. The mechanistic discussion suggests that the composition-dependent synergistic effect results in the enhanced selectivity for CO on the hybrid catalyst. By increasing the concentration of the electrolyte, a dramatically enhanced current density of 40.17 mA cm(-2) was achieved at -1.0 V in 0.7 M KHCO3. Furthermore, a KHCO3 electrolyte with high concentration promotes the selectivity of CO2RR over the low overpotential range. At a low overpotential of 290 mV, the increased FE for CO of 74.05% is obtained in 0.7 M KHCO3 as compared to that of 57.04% in 0.1 M KHCO3. Combining with the synergistic effect of the catalyst and the concentration effect of the electrolyte, the hybrid catalyst achieves high efficiency, high selectivity, and high stability for CO2RR. Doi:10.1021_acsami.9b04580
 constructing novel catalytic interfaces with dual active centers for eCO(2)R&&composite&&Copper-Indium Binary Catalyst on a Gas Diffusion Electrode for High-Performance CO2 Electrochemical Reduction with Record CO Production Efficiency Cu-In metallic hybrid is a promising non-noble catalyst for selective electrochemical CO2 reduction (eCO(2)R) to CO, but the lack of direct assembly with a gas diffusion electrode (GDE) limits the further development of eCO(2)R to CO with both high Faradaic efficiency (FE) and high current density. In this study, an in situ electrochemical spontaneous precipitation (ESP) method was applied for the first time to prepare GDE-combined Cu-In electrocatalysts. The optimum Cu-In catalyst consists of a nanoscale "core-shell" structure of polycrystalline CuxO covered by the amorphous In(OH)(3) interface. Higher than 90% FE of CO production has been achieved. With the synergy of a GDE flow cell and 1 M KOH catholyte, a current density of similar to 200 mA cm(-2) was reached at -1.17 V (reversible hydrogen electrode), which enabled a CO yield efficiency record of 3.05 mg min(-1)(CO2/15 mL min(-1) with a 2 cm(2) electrode). The ratios between CO and H-2 produced can be effectively modulated via fine-tuning ESP conditions demonstrating possibility of generating CO or syngas with tuneable ratios. The present study provides a simple approach for constructing novel catalytic interfaces with dual active centers for eCO(2)R and other emerging electrochemical catalysis research. Doi:10.1021_acsami.9b16862
a higher Cu content and well-dispersed Cu2O/Cu nanoparticles inside the carbon framework&&structure control&&MOF-Derived Cu2O/Cu Nanospheres Anchored in Nitrogen-Doped Hollow Porous Carbon Framework for Increasing the Selectivity and Activity of Electrochemical CO2-to-Formate Conversion Copper-based metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) and their derivatives have been used for CO2 electroreduction; however, they still have obvious drawbacks like poor selectivity and durability. Here, Cu_btc (btc = benzene-1,3,5-tricarboxylate)-derived Cu2O/Cu anchored in a nitrogen-doped porous carbon framework (Cu2O/Cu@NC) was prepared for CO2 electroreduction. Cu2O/Cu@NC-800 (carbonizing Cu_btc at 800 degrees C) produced formate and ethanol concurrently with an overpotential as low as similar to 380 mV. However, it exhibited higher selectivity toward formate against ethanol, with the maximum formate faradaic efficiencies of 70.5% at -0.68 V vs a reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), which was 1.79 and 1.84 times higher than that of Cu2O/Cu@NC-700 and Cu2O/Cu@NC-900. This superior performance remained stable for over 30 h. The enhancement in activity and selectivity was attributed to (i) a higher Cu content and well-dispersed Cu2O/Cu nanoparticles inside the carbon frameworks, which provided abundant active reaction sites, and (ii) a higher content of N doped into the Cu2O/Cu lattice to possibly facilitate *OCHO generation. These findings provided a convenient strategy to enhance the activity and selectivity of catalysts for efficient CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1021_acsami.9b15685
a nanodendrite configuration&&structure control&&Promotion of CO2 Electrochemical Reduction via Cu Nanodendrites The electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to fuels and chemicals is an opportunity for sustainable energy research that can realize both renewable energy storage and negative carbon cycle feedback. However, the selective generation of multicarbon products is challenging because of the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) and protonation of the reacting adsorbate. Copper-based materials have been the most commonly studied catalysts for CO2 electroreduction due to their ability to produce a substantial amount of C-2 products. Here, we report that a nanodendrite configuration can improve the electrocatalytic performance of Cu catalysts, especially multicarbon product formation, while suppressing HER and methane production. The abundant conductive networks derived from the fractal copper dendritic structures with a high electrochemically active surface area (ECSA) facilitate electron transport and mass transfer, leading to superior kinetics for the formation of multicarbon products from CO2 electroreduction. As a result, approximately 70-120% higher ethylene and 60-220% higher C-3 (n-PrOH and propanal) yields with lower onset potentials were produced over Cu nanodendrites compared to the initial Cu particles. This work opens an avenue for promoting CO2 electrochemical reduction to multicarbon products by catalyst configuration modulation. Doi:10.1021_acsami.9b21153
 the strong interaction between Cu and pyridinic nitrogen on the 2D graphene surface plays a key role in stabilizing Cu nanocubes&&composite&&Stable Surface-Anchored Cu Nanocubes for CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene The electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) is a promising solution to the current environmental and energy issues. Cu is the only metal catalyst able to convert CO2 into high-value-added hydrocarbons. However, Cu catalysts tend to degrade with the decrease in the hydrocarbon selectivity under operation conditions. Herein, we monitored the morphological evolution of Cu nanocatalysts and correlated with changes in the selectivity of hydrocarbon products during electrochemical CO2 reduction. Initial Cu nanospheres quickly reconstructed into nanocubes within 1 h of CO2 electrolysis and then gradually turned into even smaller irregular nanoparticles. Interestingly, the above unstable Cu nanocube offered the maximum ethylene selectivity. We successfully stabilized these Cu nanocubes using a 2D graphene surface doped with nitrogen to achieve high ethylene selectivity over 24 h. Our X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and density-functional theory (DFT) investigations show that the strong interaction between Cu and pyridinic nitrogen on the 2D graphene surface plays a key role in stabilizing Cu nanocubes. Doi:10.1021_acsanm.0c01745
Cu/Cu2O nanocomposite loaded on the surface of carbon&&composite&&Cu/Cu2O Nanoparticles Supported on Vertically ZIF-L-Coated Nitrogen-Doped Graphene Nanosheets for Electroreduction of CO2 to Ethanol Metal-organic framework (MOF)-derived nanomaterials provide outstanding catalytic activities for CO2 electroreduction due to their large surface area, tunable geometric structures, and controllable pore size. Herein, we develop a Cu/Cu2O nanocomposite loaded on the surface of carbon derived from direct carbonization of two-dimensional cross-like zeolitic imidazolate framework-L coated vertically on graphene oxide (Cu GNC-VL). The as-synthesized catalyst presented an excellent faradaic efficiency of 70.52% and current density of 10.4 mA cm(-2) at -0.87 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode, which benefits from the synergy between CO2 asymmetric chemical adsorption on Cu(111) and favorable kinetics and thermodynamics of C-C coupling on Cu2O(111). This study presents a strategy for the rational design and multiple-pathway modulation of the geometry structure of MOF-derived catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acsanm.9b01935
Cu cubes&&structure control&&Facet-Dependent Selectivity of Cu Catalysts in Electrochemical CO2 Reduction at Commercially Viable Current Densities Despite substantial progress in the electrochemical conversion of CO2 into value-added chemicals, the translation of fundamental studies into commercially relevant conditions requires additional efforts. Here, we study the catalytic properties of tailored Cu nanocatalysts under commercially relevant current densities in a gas-fed flow cell. We demonstrate that their facet-dependent selectivity is retained in this device configuration with the advantage of further suppressing hydrogen production and increasing the faradaic efficiencies toward the CO2 reduction products compared to a conventional H-cell. The combined catalyst and system effects result in stateof-the art product selectivity at high current densities (in the range 100-300 mA/cm(2)) and at relatively low applied potential (as low as -0.65 V vs RHE). Cu cubes reach an ethylene selectivity of up to 57% with a corresponding mass activity of 700 mA/mg, and Cu octahedra reach a methane selectivity of up to 51% with a corresponding mass activity of 1.45 A/mg in 1 M KOH. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c00297
Cu octahedra&&structure control&&Facet-Dependent Selectivity of Cu Catalysts in Electrochemical CO2 Reduction at Commercially Viable Current Densities Despite substantial progress in the electrochemical conversion of CO2 into value-added chemicals, the translation of fundamental studies into commercially relevant conditions requires additional efforts. Here, we study the catalytic properties of tailored Cu nanocatalysts under commercially relevant current densities in a gas-fed flow cell. We demonstrate that their facet-dependent selectivity is retained in this device configuration with the advantage of further suppressing hydrogen production and increasing the faradaic efficiencies toward the CO2 reduction products compared to a conventional H-cell. The combined catalyst and system effects result in stateof-the art product selectivity at high current densities (in the range 100-300 mA/cm(2)) and at relatively low applied potential (as low as -0.65 V vs RHE). Cu cubes reach an ethylene selectivity of up to 57% with a corresponding mass activity of 700 mA/mg, and Cu octahedra reach a methane selectivity of up to 51% with a corresponding mass activity of 1.45 A/mg in 1 M KOH. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c00297
CuN2Cl2 structure&&atomic level dispersion&&Covalent Triazine Framework Confined Copper Catalysts for Selective Electrochemical CO2 Reduction: Operando Diagnosis of Active Sites Developing efficient catalysts for steering the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) toward high-value chemicals beyond CO and formic acid is highly desirable. Herein, we have developed copper-based catalysts confined within a rationally designed covalent triazine framework (CTF-B), featuring a CuN2Cl2 structure, for selective CO2RR to hydrocarbons with a maximum Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 81.3% and an FE of C2H4 up to 30.6%. Operando X-ray adsorption fine structure analyses reveal the potential-driven dynamic formation of Cu atomic clusters, together with the time-dependent and Cu-content-dependent CO2RR performance associated with the catalyst activation, definitively uncovering that the aggregated Cu clusters confined within CTF-B are the active sites. A further probing experiment of CO electroreduction not only verifies that CO is one of the key intermediates for the CO2RR but also demonstrates the improved selectivity to C-2 chemicals, with a maximum FE of 68.4% (C2H4, 35.0%; acetate, 33.4%), possibly originating from the accelerative C-C coupling reaction due to the increased CO coverage and enhanced local pH in CO-saturated electrolyte. Interestingly, acetate is identified as the only liquid product, mostly likely benefiting from the dominant low-coordination active sites of confined Cu aggregation and favorable chemical confinement environment of CTF-B. The strategy of constructing efficient metalloelectrocatalysts by means of confinement in a covalent organic framework along with operando identification of active sites sheds light on the rational catalyst design and structure-property relationship. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c00243
Cu atoms&&atomic level dispersion&&Self-assembled Cuprous Coordination Polymer as a Catalyst for CO2 Electrochemical Reduction into C-2 Products C-2 production with conventional metal complex catalysts has been a significant challenge. Here, we present the electrochemical reduction of CO2 into C-2 products such as ethylene and ethanol with high selectivity using a self-assembled cuprous coordination polymer nanoparticle (Cu-SCP). The features of the Cu-SCP catalyst are the arrangement of Cu atoms in close proximity, similar to that in metallic Cu, and a stable Cu(I) oxidation state throughout the reaction due to the coordination of ligands with Cu atoms, which inhibits conversion into Cu metal particles. The Cu-SCP also exhibits activity for C-2 production that is superior to that of a Cu metal electrode, without modification of the carbon particles and/or ionomers or continuous flow of the highly alkaline electrolyte, which will simplify the fabrication of a CO2 electrolyzer. The Cu-SCP can be synthesized by a facile process that utilizes a heterogeneous reaction, and the product selectivity can be changed by replacement of the organic ligands, which should open up possibilities for the design of other CO2 reduction catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c01593
the structural evolution of La2CuO4 perovskite takes place simultaneously during the cathodic CO2 reduction proces&&structure control&&Highly Selective Carbon Dioxide Electroreduction on Structure-Evolved Copper Perovskite Oxide toward Methane Production Electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) conversion is promising to balance the carbon cycle for human society. However, an efficient electrocatalyst is the key to determine the selective conversion of CO2 toward valuable products. We report herein an efficient La2CuO4 perovskite catalyst for electrochemical CO2 reduction. A high Faradaic efficiency of 56.3% with a partial current density of 117 mA cm(-2) is achieved for methane production over this perovskite catalyst at -1.4 V (vs RHE). The results demonstrate that the structural evolution of La2CuO4 perovskite takes place simultaneously during the cathodic CO2 reduction process. Theoretical investigations further unravel that the emerging Cu/La2CuO4 interface accounts for the CO2 methanation behaviors. This work provides an effective perovskite electrocatalyst for ambient CO2 methanation and offers a valuable understanding of the structure evolution and surface reconstruction of precatalysts in catalytic reactions for energy-relevant technologies. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c00847
strain can be systematically manipulated as a valuable tool&&structure control&&How Strain Alters CO2 Electroreduction on Model Cu(001) Surfaces Carbon dioxide electrolysis powered by renewable energy is a potentially attractive approach to close the carbon cycle and produce key chemical feedstocks. Here, we demonstrate the substantial influence of tensile strain on the selectivity of CO2 reduction toward higher value-added, multicarbon products by modulating the residual mismatch strain of Cu(001) thin film catalysts grown epitaxially on single-crystal Si substrates. By decreasing film thickness from 100 to 20 nm, up to 0.22% tensile strain is introduced in-plane, shifting the measured Cu d-band center at the surface upward, in good agreement with theory. CO2 electrolysis at moderate overpotential (-0.9 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)) in 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte reveals that the shift in d-band center results in the suppression of single-carbon products, while activity for multicarbon products is maintained. Examination of the ratio of partial current densities for multicarbon products relative to CO and CH4 suggests increased CO insertion and hydrogenation on the tensile-strained Cu(001) surface, driven by a change in the adsorbate bonding because of an increased interaction with the upshifted d-band. This work provides direct experimental evidence on model thin film CO2 catalysts that strain can be systematically manipulated as a valuable tool, independent of catalyst composition, for the design of efficient CO2 electrocatalysts toward energy-dense products. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.0c05671
 Facet-Dependent Selectivity&&structure control&&Elucidating the Facet-Dependent Selectivity for CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol of Cu-Ag Tandem Catalysts Despite being desirable high-value products of the electro-chemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), alcohols are still obtained with lower selectivity compared to hydrocarbons and the reaction pathways leading to their formation are still under debate. In this joint experimental-computational work, we exploit structural sensitivity effects to elucidate the ethanol-producing active sites on Cu-Ag CO2RR tandem catalysts. Specifically, methane-selective Cu nano-octahedra (Cu-oh), enclosed by (111) facets, and ethylene-selective Cu nanocubes (Cu-cub), enclosed by (100) facets, are mixed with CO-selective Ag nanospheres (Ag-sph) to form Cu-oh-(A)g and Cu-cub-Ag bimetallic catalysts. Ethanol is selectively enhanced via the *CHx-*CO coupling pathway at the terraces of Cuoh-Ag in the CO-enriched environment generated by the Ag-sph. Conversely, on Cu-cub-Ag, ethanol is selectively produced via the same pathway at the edges and corners of Cu-cub, while ethylene continues to be produced at the terraces. The terraces being the predominant surfaces on the catalysts, such facet dependence explains the higher ethanol-to-ethylene ratio on the Cuoh-Ag. These findings illustrate how tandem catalysis and structure-sensitive effects can be combined to obtain notable changes in the selectivity of electrochemical reactions. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.1c00420
Cu1Sn1 with a CuSn alloy core and a SnO shell structure&&structure control&&Tunable Selectivity for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction by Bimetallic Cu-Sn Catalysts: Elucidating the Roles of Cu and Sn Production of formate or CO from electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions (eCO(2)RRs) represents a promising way to utilize CO2 with future low-carbon electricity to produce value-added chemicals and fuels. Herein, a series of Cu-Sn composite catalysts were designed for eCO(2)RRs. The reduction products could be tuned selectively from formate to CO by varying the Cu/Sn composition. The catalyst Cu1Sn1 with a CuSn alloy core and a SnO shell structure doped with a small amount of Cu gives a maximum faradic efficiency (FE) of 95.4 for formate at -1.2 V. In contrast, the single-Sn-atom-doped Cu of Cu20Sn1 is selective to CO with a maximum FE of 95.3% at -1.0 V. The DFT results reveal that the existence of small amounts of Cu or Sn single atoms in these two catalysts is critical to reducing the reaction free energies of CO2 reduction, resulting in the selective formation of formate and CO, respectively. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.1c02556
single-Sn-atom-doped Cu of Cu20Sn1&&structure control&&Tunable Selectivity for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction by Bimetallic Cu-Sn Catalysts: Elucidating the Roles of Cu and Sn Production of formate or CO from electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions (eCO(2)RRs) represents a promising way to utilize CO2 with future low-carbon electricity to produce value-added chemicals and fuels. Herein, a series of Cu-Sn composite catalysts were designed for eCO(2)RRs. The reduction products could be tuned selectively from formate to CO by varying the Cu/Sn composition. The catalyst Cu1Sn1 with a CuSn alloy core and a SnO shell structure doped with a small amount of Cu gives a maximum faradic efficiency (FE) of 95.4 for formate at -1.2 V. In contrast, the single-Sn-atom-doped Cu of Cu20Sn1 is selective to CO with a maximum FE of 95.3% at -1.0 V. The DFT results reveal that the existence of small amounts of Cu or Sn single atoms in these two catalysts is critical to reducing the reaction free energies of CO2 reduction, resulting in the selective formation of formate and CO, respectively. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.1c02556
 in situ generated trigonal pyramidal Cu(I)N-3 acts as the electrochemical active site&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly Efficient Electroconversion of CO2 into CH4 by a Metal-Organic Framework with Trigonal Pyramidal Cu(I)N-3 Active Sites High-efficiency electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction reaction are extremely desirable to produce valuable hydrocarbon productions, as well as addressing the current environmental challenges. In this work, we introduce a Cu-based metal-organic framework as a catalyst for the efficient and selective reduction of CO2 to CH4 in neutral aqueous electrolytes. Detailed examination of [Cu4ZnCl4(btdd)(3)] (Cu-4-MFU-4l, H(2)btdd = bis(1H-1,2,3-triazolo-[4,5-b],[4',5'-i])dibenzo-[1,4]-dioxin) revealed the highest activity for yielding methane with a Faradaic efficiency of 92%/88% and a partial current density of 9.8/18.3 mA cm(-2) at a potential of -1.2/1.3 V (vs RHE). In situ X-ray absorption and infrared spectroscopy spectra, as well as density functional theory calculations, revealed that the in situ generated trigonal pyramidal Cu(I)N-3 acts as the electrochemical active site and that the strong coordination ability of the Cu(I)N-3 site and the synergistic effect of adjacent aromatic hydrogen atoms, via hydrogen-bonding interactions, play an important role in stabilizing the key intermediates of carbon dioxide reduction and inhibiting the hydrogen evolution reaction, thus showing a high performance of electroreduction of CO2 to CH4. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.1c02980
the particular surface pore size of the mesoporous Cu catalysts&&structure control&&Morphology Matters: Tuning the Product Distribution of CO2 Electroreduction on Oxide-Derived Cu Foam Catalysts Mesoporous Cu foams formed by a template-assisted electrodeposition process have been identified as CO2 electrocatalysts that are highly selective toward C2 product formation (C2H4 and C2H6) with C2 efficiencies (FED.) reaching 55%. The partial current of C2 product formation was found to be higher than that of the (parasitic) hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) at any potential studied (-0.4 to 1.0 vs the reversible hydrogen electrode). Moreover, formate production could largely be suppressed at any applied potential down to efficiencies (FEformate) of <= 6%. A key point of the Cu foam catalyst activation is the in operando reduction of a Cu2O phase, thereby creating a large abundance of surface sites active for C-C coupling. The cuprous oxide phase has been formed after the Cu electrodeposition step by exposing the large-surface area catalyst to air at room temperature. The superior selectivity of the Cu foam catalyst studied herein originates from a combination of two effects, the availability of specific surface sites for C C coupling [dominant (100) surface texture] and the temporal trapping of gaseous intermediates (in particular CO and C2H4) inside the mesoporous catalyst material during CO2 electrolysis. A systematic CO2 electrolysis study reveals a strong dependence of the C2 efficiencies on the particular surface pore size of the mesoporous Cu catalysts with a maximal FEC2 between 50 and 100 mu m pore diameters. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.6b00770
the formation of Cu Sn alloy&&alloy&&Cu-Sn Bimetallic Catalyst for Selective Aqueous Electroreduction of CO2 to CO We report a selective and stable electrocatalyst utilizing non-noble metals consisting of Cu and Sn for the efficient and selective reduction of CO2 to CO over a wide potential range. The bimetallic electrode was prepared through the electrodeposition of Sn species on the surface of oxide-derived copper (OD-Cu). The Cu surface, when decorated with an optimal amount of Sn, resulted in a Faradaic efficiency (FE) for CO greater than 90% and a current density of -1.0 mA cm(-2) at -0.6 V vs RHE, compared to the CO FE of 63% and -2.1 mA cm(-2) for OD-Cu. Excess Sn on the surface caused H-2 evolution with a decreased current density. X-ray diffraction (XRD) suggests the formation of Cu Sn alloy. Auger electron spectroscopy of the sample surface exhibits zerovalent Cu and Sn after the electrodeposition step. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations show that replacing a single Cu atom with a Sn atom leaves the d-band orbitals mostly unperturbed, signifying no dramatic shifts in the bulk electronic structure. However, the Sn atom discomposes the multifold sites on pure Cu, disfavoring the adsorption of H and leaving the adsorption of CO relatively unperturbed. Our catalytic results along with DFT calculations indicate that the presence of Sn on reduced OD-Cu diminishes the hydrogenation capability-i.e., the selectivity toward H-2 and HCOOH-while hardly affects the CO productivity. While the pristine monometallic surfaces (both Cu and Sn) fail to selectively reduce CO2, the Cu Sn bimetallic electrocatalyst generates a surface that inhibits adsorbed H*, resulting in improved CO FE. This study presents a strategy to provide low-cost non-noble metals that can be utilized as a highly selective electrocatalyst for the efficient aqueous reduction of CO2. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.6b00269
the structure of these nanoalloys&&structure control&&Enhanced Reduction of CO2 to CO over Cu-In Electrocatalysts: Catalyst Evolution Is the Key Copper-indium catalysts have recently shown promising performance for the selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO. In this work, we prepared Cu-In nanoalloys by the in situ reduction of CuInO2 and In2O3-supported Cu nanoparticles and found that the structure of these nanoalloys evolves substantially over several electrocatalytic cycles, in parallel with an increase in the activity and selectivity for CO evolution. By combining electrochemical measurements with ex situ characterization techniques, such as XRD, STEM, elemental mapping, and XPS, we show that this behavior is caused by the segregation of copper and indium in these materials, resulting in the formation of a heterogeneous nanostructure of Cu-rich cores embedded within an In(OH)(3) shell-like matrix. The evolved catalysts show high electrocatalytic performance at moderate overpotential (i.e., j(CO) > 1.5 mA cm(-2) at -0.6 V vs RHE). We found that the removal of In(OH)(3) from these heterogeneous nanostructures decreases the performance of the evolved catalysts, particularly in terms of the selectivity toward CO, which then recovers with the reappearance of the hydroxide following the re-equilibration of the material. On the other hand, an In(OH)(3)-supported Cu catalyst exhibits a current efficiency for CO comparable to that of the evolved nanoalloys without the need for an equilibration stage, indicating that In(OH)(3) plays a crucial role in favoring the production of CO over Cu-In electrocatalysts. These findings shed light on the link between the architecture of these materials and their performance and underscore the potential of nonreducible hydroxides to act as promoters in CO2 reduction electrocatalysis. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.6b02067
A two-site mechanism to rationalize the selective reduction of CO2 to ethanol&&composite&&Tuning the Selectivity of Carbon Dioxide Electroreduction toward Ethanol on Oxide-Derived CuxZn Catalysts The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to ethanol (C2H5OH) and ethylene (C2H4) using renewable electricity is a viable method for the production of these commercially vital chemicals. Copper (Cu) and its oxides are by far the most effective electrocatalysts for this purpose. However, the formation of ethanol using these catalysts is generally less favored in comparison to that of ethylene. In this work, we demonstrate that the selectivity of CO2 reduction toward ethanol could be tuned by introducing a cocatalyst to generate an in situ source of mobile CO reactant. Cu-based oxides with different amounts of Zn dopants (Cu, Cu10Zn, Cu4Zn, and Cu2Zn) were prepared and used as catalysts under ambient pressure in aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte. By varying the amount of Zn in the bimetallic catalysts, we found that the selectivity of ethanol versus ethylene production, defined by the ratio of their Faradaic efficiencies (FEethanol/FEethylene), could be tuned by a factor of up to similar to 12.5. Ethanol formation was maximized on Cu4Zn at -1.05 V vs RHE, with a remarkable Faradaic efficiency and current density of 29.1% and -8.2 mA/cm(2), respectively. The Cu4Zn catalyst was also catalytically stable for the production of ethanol for at least 5 h. The importance of Zn as a CO-producing site was demonstrated by performing CO2 reduction on Cu-Ni and Cu-Ag bimetallic catalysts. Operando Raman spectroscopy revealed that the as-deposited Cu-based oxide films were reduced to the metallic state during CO2 reduction, after which only signals belonging to CO adsorbed on Cu sites were recorded. This showed that the reduction of CO2 probably occurred on metallic sites rather than on metal oxides. A two-site mechanism to rationalize the selective reduction of CO2 to ethanol is proposed and discussed. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.6b02162
the morphologies of the Cu films are varied to exhibit wire, dot, and amorphous structures&&structure control&&Nanoporous Copper Films by Additive-Controlled Electrodeposition: CO2 Reduction Catalysis Electrodeposition from plating baths containing 3,S-diamino-1,2,4-triazole (DAT) as an inhibitor gives Cu films exhibiting high surface area and high CO2 reduction activities. By changes in the pH and deposition current density, the morphologies of the Cu films are varied to exhibit wire, dot, and amorphous structures. Among these Cu films, the CuDAT-wire samples exhibit the best CO2 reduction activities activity with a Faradaic efficiency (FE) for C2H4 product formation reaching 40% at -0.5 V vs RHE, a FE for C2H5OH formation reaching 20% at -0.5 V vs RHE, and a mass activity for CO2 reduction at -0.7 V vs RHE of similar to 700 A/g. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.6b03613
The enhanced activity is attributed to the extended reactive areas with rough morphology and loosened coating structure&&structure control&&Copper Electrode Fabricated via Pulse Electrodeposition: Toward High Methane Selectivity and Activity for CO2 Electroreduction Electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERC) to methane has significant economic benefits and represents one promising solution for energy and environmental sustain ability. However, traditional metal electrodes suffer from higher overpotentials, low activities, and poor selectivity. In this article, the pulse electrodeposition (P-ED) method is employed to prepare a copper electrode for ERC. The P-ED method can easily create Cu coatings on carbon paper with a much rougher surface and extended surface area, which is highly beneficial for improving their activity and selectivity. As a result, the prepared Cu electrodes exhibit high faradaic efficiency (of 85% at -2.8 V) and enhanced partial current density (jCH(4) = 38 mA cm(-2)) for methane, which is by far the highest value ever reported at room temperature and ambient pressure. The enhanced activity is attributed to the extended reactive areas with rough morphology and loosened coating structure to ensure CO2 access the reaction sites located at the sublayers of the deposited Cu coatings. The prominent selectivity for CH4 is likely due to the presence of a stepped surface, which is formed by introduction of Cu (100) step into Cu (111) and Cu (220) terraces during the P-ED processes. The lower resistance to the one-electron transfer to CO2, which is a pre equilibrium step prior to the rate-limiting nonelectrochemical step, is another positive factor to improve the ERC activity for CH4. Furthermore, we surprisingly find that the activity and selectivity of the Cu electrode can be easily recovered through continuous CO2 bubbling. This paper provides a facile method to prepare highly effective electrodes for electrochemical conversion of CO2. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b00571
alloys &&alloy&&Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Syngas and Formate at Dendritic Copper-Indium Electrocatalysts The ability to maintain high efficiencies while simultaneously tuning the selectivity of the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERC) using low-cost electrodes has proven to be one of the greatest obstacles to the widespread commercialization of this technology. In this study, we electrodeposit dendritic copper indium alloys of various compositions and investigate their catalytic activity toward the reduction of CO2. These electrocatalysts are increasingly dendritic with higher In fraction and, depending on composition, consist of mixed phases of Cu, In, and Cu In intermetallic phases. ERC at these electrodes produces formate at high efficiencies (up to 62% with a 80 at% In alloy, -1 V) while also tuning the CO/H-2 ratio to achieve an ideal syngas composition with a 40 at% In alloy (-1 V). The observed product distribution as a function of alloy composition and applied potential is rationalized in terms of the relative adsorption strengths of CO and COOH intermediates at Cu and In sites and the distinct variation with applied potential induced by the differences in electronic structure. This study highlights the opportunities of using alloys to enhance control over the product distribution and suggests that suitable alloys could be promising catalysts for the inexpensive and efficient production of fuels. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b01161
Highly porous 3D Cu skeletons&&structure control&&Electrochemical CO2 Conversion Using Skeleton (Sponge) Type of Cu Catalysts Highly porous 3D Cu skeletons (sponges) modified by electropolishing, thermal annealing, and foam electrodeposition have been studied as catalysts for the electrochemical conversion of CO2 with a particular emphasis on C-2 products formation. These catalyst materials appear to be promising for future applications where gaseous CO2 reactants can be transported through the 3D catalyst thereby tuning the mean residence time of reaction intermediates inside the catalyst, which crucially influences the final product distribution. In particular, the annealed skeleton (300 degrees C, 12 h) and the one modified by Cu foam electrodeposition show profound activities toward C-2 product formation (C2H4, C2H6) with faradaic efficiencies reaching FEC2 = 32.3% (annealed skeleton sample, -1.1 V vs RHE) and FEC2 = 29.1% (electrodeposited sample, -1.1 V vs RHE), whereas the electropolished Cu skeleton remains largely inactive for both the C-1 and the C-2 pathway of hydrocarbon formation. This effect is discussed on the basis of residual impurities that are left behind from the investment casting approach on which the fabrication of these Cu skeleton support materials is based. In addition, a higher FEC2H4/FEC2H6 ratio is observed for the annealed Cu skeleton as compared to the electrodeposited Cu foam. Such a switching in the C-2 product distribution (FEC2H4/FEC2H6 ratio) is discussed on the basis of particular morphological effects (residence time of intermediates inside the catalyst) related to the three-dimensional nature of the used catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b01548
catalyst crystallinity is crucial&&structure control&&Crystalline Copper(II) Phthalocyanine Catalysts for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide in Aqueous Media We achieved highly selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to C2H4 (faradaic efficiency of 2596) by crystalline copper phthalocyanine (CuPc) supported on carbon black. Remarkably, non-crystalline CuPc generated by treatment of crystalline CuPc with sulfuric acid did not give C2H4 selectively, suggesting that catalyst crystallinity is crucial for the selective conversion of CO2 to C2H4. The stability of crystalline CuPc under electrochemical reduction conditions was also evaluated, showing that crystalline CuPc can selectively convert CO to C2H4 in the initial stage (<10 000 s), as long as the crystallinity of the catalyst is maintained. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b02220
 Biphasic Boundaries&&structure control&&Importance of Ag-Cu Biphasic Boundaries for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Ethanol In recent years, electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) has received a great deal of attention due to the potential that this process can mitigate the atmospheric CO2 concentration and produce valuable organic compounds. In particular, Cu and Cu-based catalysts have exhibited the capability of converting CO2 into multicarbon fuels and chemicals in significant quantities. Here, we report a facile and cheap fabrication method for the development of an Ag-incorporated cuprous oxide (Ag-Cu2O) electrode enabling selective synthesis of ethanol via electrochemical CO2 reduction and reveal the key factor improving the ethanol (C2H5OH) selectivity. The incorporation of Ag into Cu2O leads to the suppression of hydrogen (H-2) evolution, and furthermore, by varying the elemental arrangement (phase-separated and phase-blended) of Ag and Cu, we observe that C2H5OH selectivity can be controlled. Consequently, the Faradaic efficiency for C2H5OH on phase-blended Ag-Cu2O (Ag-Cu2OPB) is 3 times higher than that of the Cu2O without Ag dopant. We propose that the electrochemical reaction behavior is not solely associated with a role of Ag dopant, carbon monoxide (CO) leading to an ethanol formation pathway over ethylene, but also the doping pattern related population of Ag-Cu biphasic boundaries relatively suppresses the H-2 evolution reaction and encourages the reaction of mobile CO generated on Ag to a residual intermediate on a Cu site. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b02822
 dendritic Cu&&structure control&&Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 into Multicarbon Alcohols on Activated Cu Mesh Catalysts: An Identical Location (IL) Study Potential-dependent CO2 reduction reactions (CO2RR) were carried out on technical Cu mesh supports that were stepwise modified by (i) electrodeposition of dendritic Cu catalysts under mass transfer control of Cu(II) ions followed by (ii) an extra 3 h thermal annealing at 300 degrees C in air. The initial electrodeposition of dendritic Cu activates the technical supports for highly efficient formate production at low overpotentials (FEFonnate = 49.2% at -0.7 V vs RHE) and in particular for C-C coupling reactions at higher over potentials (FEC2H4 = 34.3% at -1.1 V vs RHE). The subsequent thermal annealing treatment directs the CO2RR product selectivity toward multicarbon alcohol formation (ethanol/EtOH and n-propanol/n-PrOH) resulting into a total Faradaic yield of FEalcohol = 24.8% at-1.0 V vs RHE (FEEtOH = 13%). Moreover, the EtOH and n-PrOH production rate of 155.2 mu MLelectrolyte-1 cm(ECSA)(-2) h(-1) and 101.4 mu MLelectrolyte-1 cm(ECSA)(-2) h(-1) (normalized with respect to the electrolyte volume and the electrochemically active surface area ECSA), respectively, are the highest ones observed so far for Cu catalysts modified by a Cu2O/CuO surface precursor phases. The maximum of the n-PrOH efficiency is observed at slightly less negative potentials of -0.9 V with FEn-PrOH = 13.1%. Identical location (IL) SEM analysis was applied prior to and after the annealing preparation steps and in addition prior to and after CO2RR to monitor severe morphological changes which go along with the formation of Cu2O/CuO surface phases upon thermal annealing and their subsequent electroreduction under operando conditions of the CO2RR. Fringe pattern in the HR-TEM analysis confirms the existence of Cu/Cu oxide planes on the corresponding annealed catalysts. IL-SEM and HR-TEM analyses further identify nanodendritic Cu as being the active component for the desired production of multicarbon alcohols. In addition, such nanodendritic Cu shows a remarkably high resistance against degradation with alcohol efficiencies that can be maintained on a high level (FEalcohol = similar to 24% at-1.0 V) over 6 h, whereas the electrodeposited catalyst suffers from a rapid and drastic drop-down in the ethylene efficiency from 33% to 15%. The extraordinary stability of the annealed Cu catalyst can be assigned to a changed CO2RR mechanism and related to the complete suppression of the coupled C1/C2 hydrocarbon pathway, thereby avoiding the accumulation of poisoning surface carbon species or other Cl intermediates. The introduced multistep approach of catalyst activation was successfully applied also to other support materials, e.g. Au and Ag meshes, resulting in similarly high yields of C2 and C3 alcohols as observed for the Cu mesh support. These results further support the robustness of the proposed catalyst preparation procedure. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b02234
Nanowires&&structure control&&Mechanistic Insights for Low-Overpotential Electroreduction of CO2 to CO on Copper Nanowires Recent developments of copper (Cu)-based nano materials have enabled the electroreduction of CO2 at low overpotentials. The mechanism of low-overpotential CO2 elusive. We report here a systematic investigation of CO2 reduction on highly dense Cu nanowires, with the focus placed on understanding the surface structure effects on the formation of *CO (*denotes an adsorption site on the catalyst surface) and the evolution of gas-phase CO product (CO(g)) at low overpotentials (more positive than -0.5 V). Cu nanowires of distinct nanocrystalline and surface structures are studied comparatively to build up the structure property relationships, which are further interpreted by performing density functional theory (DFT) calculations of the reaction pathway on the various facets of Cu. A kinetic model reveals competition between CO(g) evolution and *CO poisoning depending on the electrode potential and surface structures. Open and metastable facets such as (110) and reconstructed (110) are found to be likely the active sites for the electroreduction of CO2 to CO at the low overpotentials. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b03107
Prism-Shaped&&structure control&&Prism-Shaped Cu Nanocatalysts for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Ethylene Electrochemical CO2 reduction has attracted much attention, because of its advantageous ability to convert CO2 gas to useful chemicals and fuels. Herein, we have developed prism-shaped Cu catalysts for efficient and stable CO2 electroreduction by using an electrodeposition method. These Cu prism electrodes were characterized by scanning electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. Electrochemical CO2 reduction measurements show improved activities for C2H4 production with a high partial current density of -11.8 mA/cm(2), which is over four times higher than that of the planar Cu sample (-2.8 mA/cm(2)). We have demonstrated that the enhanced C2H4 production is partially attributed to the higher density of defect sites available on the roughened Cu prism surface. Furthermore, stability tests show a drastic improvement in maintaining C2H4 production over 12 h. The enhanced performance and durability of prism Cu catalysts hold promise for future industrial applications. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b02959
sulfur-modified copper catalysts (Cu-S) were prepared by the in situ reductive reconstruction of nano Cu-S precursors&&structure control&&Sulfur-Modified Copper Catalysts for the Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Formate The electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (eCO(2)RR) has been gaining increasing attention owing to its potential to contribute to sustainability in our society, although enhanced catalytic performance is a prerequisite for its implementation. Herein, Cu electrocatalysts modified with sulfur proved to selectively produce formate via aqueous eCO(2)RR and thus to unexpectedly prevent the mechanistic fingerprint of Cu (i.e., the CO path). Initially, sulfur-modified copper catalysts (Cu-S) were prepared by the in situ reductive reconstruction of nano Cu-S precursors, revealing a positive correlation between particle size and selectivity toward formate. Subsequent studies over targeted submicron Cu-S particles with varying sulfur content demonstrated their evolution under reaction conditions, attaining a similar surface state comprising metallic Cu and sulfide phases, irrespective of the initial structure of the materials. In accordance, the initial sulfur content showed only a very limited influence on the catalytic performance, which remained at approximately 80% Faradaic efficiency toward formate at -0.8 V vs RHE, outperforming all cost-effective, earth-abundant, and nontoxic electrocatalysts reported to date for the production of formate via the aqueous eCO(2)RR Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b03161
Single-Atomic&&atomic level dispersion&&Single-Atomic Cu with Multiple Oxygen Vacancies on Ceria for Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to CH4 The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 into value-added chemicals such as hydrocarbons has the potential for supplying fuel energy and reducing environmental hazards, while the accurate tuning of electrocatalysts at the ultimate single-atomic level remains extremely challenging. In this work, we demonstrate an atomic design of multiple oxygen vacancy-bound, single-atomic Cu-substituted CeO2 to optimize the CO2 electrocatalytic reduction to CH4. We carried out theoretical calculations to predict that the single-atomic Cu substitution in CeO2(110) surface can stably enrich up to three oxygen vacancies around each Cu site, yielding a highly effective catalytic center for CO2 adsorption and activation. This theoretical prediction is consistent with our controlled synthesis of the Cu-doped, mesoporous CeO2 nanorods. Structural characterizations indicate that the low concentration (<5%) Cu species in CeO2 nanorods are highly dispersed at single-atomic level with an unconventionally low coordination number similar to 5, suggesting the direct association of 3 oxygen vacancies with each Cu ion on surfaces. This multiple oxygen vacancy-bound, single atomic Cu-substituted CeO2 enables an excellent electrocatalytic selectivity in reducing CO2 to methane with a faradaic efficiency as high as 58%, suggesting strong capabilities of rational design of electrocatalyst active centers for boosting activity and selectivity. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.8b01014
the interface of Cu and In plays an essential role in determining the reaction pathway&&composite&&Selective and Stable Electroreduction of CO2 to CO at the Copper/Indium Interface Electrochemical reduction of CO2 using renewable energy is a promising strategy to mitigate the CO2 emissions and to produce valuable chemicals. However, the lack of highly selective, highly durable, and nonpreciousmetal catalysts impedes the applications of this reaction. In this work, copper-nanowire-supported indium catalysts are proposed as advanced electrocatalysts for the aqueous electroreduction of CO2. The catalysts are synthesized by a facile method, which combines In3+ deposition on Cu(OH)(2) nanowires, mild oxidation, and in situ electroreduction procedures. With a thin layer of metallic In deposited on the surface of the Cu nanowires, the catalyst exhibits a CO Faradaic efficiency of similar to 93% at -0.6 to -0.8 V vs RHE; additionally, an unprecedented stability of 60 h is achieved. The characterization results combined with density functional theory (DFT) calculations reveal that the interface of Cu and In plays an essential role in determining the reaction pathway. The calculation results suggest that the Cu In interface enhances the adsorption strength of *COOH, a key reaction intermediate for CO production, while destabilizes the adsorption of *H, an intermediate for H-2 evolution. We believe that these findings will provide guidance on the rational design of high-performance bimetallic catalysts for CO2 electroreduction by creating the metal-metal interface structure. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.7b04457
Heterodimers&&structure control&&Synthesis of Cu/CeO2-x Nanocrystalline Heterodimers with Interfacial Active Sites To Promote CO2 Electroreduction Synergistic effects at metal/metal oxide interfaces often give rise to highly active and selective catalytic motifs. So far, such interactions have been rarely explored to enhance the selectivity in the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, Cu/CeO2-x, heterodimers (HDs) are synthesized and presented as one of the prime examples where such effects promote CO2RR, A colloidal seeded-growth synthesis is developed to connect the two highly mismatched domains (Cu and CeO2-x) through an interface. The Cu/CeO2-x HDs exhibit state-of-the-art selectivity toward CO2RR (up to similar to 80%) against the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) and high faradaic efficiency for methane (up to similar to 54%) at -1.2 V-RHE, which is similar to 5 times higher than that obtained when the Cu and CeO2-x nanocrystals are physically mixed. Operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy along with other ex-situ spectroscopies evidences the partial reduction of Ce4+ to Ce3+ in the HDs during CO2RR A Density Functional Theory (DFT) study of the active site motif in reducing condition reveals synergistic effects in the electronic structure at the interface. The proposed lowest free energy pathway utilizes an O-vacancy site with intermediates binding to both Cu and Ce atoms, a configuration which allows one to break the CHO*/CO* scaling relation. The suppression of HER is attributed to the spontaneous formation of CO* at this interfacial motif and subsequent blockage of the Cu-sites. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b00010
Dendritic &&structure control&&Plasma-Modified Dendritic Cu Catalyst for CO2 Electroreduction Efficient and active catalysts with high selectivity for hydrocarbons and other valuable chemicals during stable operation are crucial. We have taken advantage of low-pressure oxygen plasmas to modify dendritic Cu catalysts and were able to achieve enhanced selectivity toward C-2 and C-3 products. Utilizing operando spectroscopic methods such as X-ray absorption fine-structure spectroscopy (XAFS) and quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), we observed that the initial presence of oxides in these catalysts before the reaction plays an inferior role in determining their catalytic performance as compared to the overall catalyst morphology. This is assigned to the poor stability of the CuxO species in these materials under the conditions of electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 (CO2RR). Our findings shed light into the strong structure/chemical state-selectivity correlation in CO2RR and open venues for the rational design of more effective catalysts through plasma pretreatments. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b00483
hexarhombic docadehedron-like Cu&&structure control&&Morphology Manipulation of Copper Nanocrystals and Product Selectivity in the Electrocatalytic Reduction of Carbon Dioxide We have revealed that cubelike and hexarhombic docadehedron-like Cu single crystals showed an enhancement of C2 products (ethylene and ethanol) while octahedron-like Cu nanoscale single crystals promoted C1 products of CO2 reduction. This product selectivity was revealed to be highly associated with the atomic arrangement on the surface. The remarkable high selectivity of ethanol (faraday efficiency of 25% with 14 mA/cm(2), J(ethanol) approximate to 3.5 mA/cm(2)) for H-Cu was investigated and unraveled by using in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy and density functional theory calculation. It was shown that the binding energy of adsorbed *O atom on the surface is substantial, which causes bifurcation of the reaction pathway and leads to the formation of ethanol. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b00790
Alloys&&alloy&&Selectivity Control for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction by Charge Redistribution on the Surface of Copper Alloys Copper is a significant platform for CO2 electroreduction catalysts because it is the only known metal to produce multi-carbon products but suffers from poor selectivity. In the early stages of the reaction pathway, a selectivity-determining step dictates if the pathway leads to formate (a dead-end) or to CO (and on to multi-carbon products). Therefore, controlling the adsorption of key intermediates, in order to steer the reaction pathway as desired, is critical for selective CO2 electroreduction. Alloying copper is a strategy in which the composition and electronic properties of the alloy surface can be finely tuned to alter the reaction intermediate adsorption behavior. Herein, through in situ Raman spectroscopy and density functional theory (DFT) calculations, we investigate a composition-dependent selectivity toward CO and formate during CO2 electroreduction on a range of Cu-Sn alloy catalysts. We find that the selectivity shifts from CO to formate generation as the Sn content in the alloy catalyst increases because of a shift in adsorption preference from the C-bound *COOH intermediate to the O-bound *OCHO intermediate. Theoretical DFT calculation results indicate that this selectivity shift is due to a gradual weakening of *COOH adsorption and strengthening of *OCHO that occurs with increasing Sn content. A combination of theoretical Bader charge analysis and experimental X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy revealed the origin of such transformation: upon alloying, charge is redistributed from Sn to Cu, which creates regions of localized positive charge on the Sn sites. Therefore, with increasing tin content, these localized positive sites hinder the nucleophilic attack of the CO2 carbon, making *COOH adsorption (and the CO pathway) less favorable. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b02312
Electrochemical and spectroscopic studies reveal that the metal-metal interactions in the Cu/Au catalyst lead to the disappearance of Au's characteristic electrocatalytic activity for reducing CO2 and for oxidizing CO and to the stabilization of Cu1+ species on the Cu surface at CO2 reduction potentials&&structure control&&Copper Gold Interactions Enhancing Formate Production from Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Strong interactions between two different types of metal nanoparticles can dramatically change their electrocatalytic properties but are underexplored. Herein we show that interactions with Au can turn Cu, which by itself is neither selective nor active for electrochemical CO2 reduction to formate, into a much improved electrocatalyst for the same reaction. Our Cu/Au catalyst produces formate in a significant yield at -0.4 V vs the reversible hydrogen electrode in a near-neutral electrolyte and achieves a partial current density of 10.4 mA cm(-2) and a Faradaic efficiency of 81% at -0.6 V, which is 15 times more active and 4 times more selective than the control Cu catalyst derived in the same way but without Au. Electrochemical and spectroscopic studies reveal that the metal-metal interactions in the Cu/Au catalyst lead to the disappearance of Au's characteristic electrocatalytic activity for reducing CO2 and for oxidizing CO and to the stabilization of Cu1+ species on the Cu surface at CO2 reduction potentials. Enhanced formate production from CO2 electroreduction is now unlocked for the Cu-Au bimetallic system, implicating vast possibilities to improve electrocatalytic reactivity utilizing metal-metal interactions. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b03158
Alloy &&alloy&&Controlling Speciation during CO2 Reduction on Cu-Alloy Electrodes Electrodeposition of Cu, Cu/Ag, and Cu/Sn alloy films by using 3,5-diamino-1,2,4-triazole (DAT) as an electrodeposition inhibitor yields a high surface area Cu-based catalyst. All three Cu-based electrodes exhibit high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO2, reduction toward C2H4 production. The CuSn-DAT electrode exhibits the highest FE for CO (similar to 90% at -0.4 V) and C2H4 (similar to 60% at -0.8 V) production and high current density (similar to-225 mA/cm(2) at -0.8 V). In situ surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS) studies in a flow cell obtained from the three Cu-based samples show a correlation between the decreased oxide content on the Cu surface, increased presence of CO, and increased activity for CO and C-2 production. The CuSn-DAT electrode has the lowest amount of Cu2O and exhibits the highest activity, whereas the Cu-DAT electrode has an increasing Cu2O content and exhibits lower activity as the potential is made negative. These results demonstrate that incorporation of different well-mixed alloy materials provides a way to tune CO2, reduction speciation. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b04368
Single-Copper Sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Boosting CO2 Electroreduction to CH4 via Tuning Neighboring Single-Copper Sites We report single-atom Cu catalysts dispersed on nitrogen-doped carbon by a nitrogen-coordination strategy. The presence of nitrogen enabled good dispersion and attachment of atomic Cu species on the nitrogen-doped carbon frameworks with Cu-N-x configurations. The Cu doping concentrations and Cu-Nx configurations were well-tuned by the pyrolysis temperature. At a high Cu concentration of 4.9%mol, the distance between neighboring Cu-N-x species was close enough to enable C-C coupling and produce C2H4. In contrast, at Cu concentrations lower than 2.4%(mol), the distance between Cu-Nx species was large so that the electrocatalyst favored the formation of CH4 as C-1 products. Density functional theory calculations further confirmed the capability of producing C2H4 by two CO intermediates binding on two adjacent Cu-N-2 sites, while the isolated Cu-N-4, the neighboring Cu-N-4, and the isolated Cu-N-2 sites led to formation of CH4. Our work demonstrates a facile approach of tuning active Cu sites for CO2 electroreduction to different hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1021_acsenergylett.0c00018
Composites &&composite&&Enhancing CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol on Copper-Silver Composites by Opening an Alternative Catalytic Pathway A fundamental question in the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is how to rationally control the catalytic selectivity. For instance, adding a CO-selective cocatalyst like Ag to Cu shifts the latter's CO(2)R1z,selectiiiity toward C-2 products, but the underlying cause of the change is unclear. Herein, we show that, during CO2RR, the abundant CO availability at Cu Ag boundaries facilitates C-C coupling on Cu to selectively generate ethanol through an therwise closed pathway. Oxide-derived Cu nanowires mixed with 20 rim Ag particles (Cu:Ag mule ratio of 1:20) catalyzed CO2 reduction Vto ethanol with a maximum current density of 4.1 tnA/cm(2) and ethanol/ethylene Faradaic efficiency ratio of 1.1 at 1.1 vs RHE. These figuresmerit are, respectively, 5 and 3 times higher than those for Pure oxide-derived nanowi of re2sCO RR on CuAg composite catalysts with different Ag: Cu ratios and Ag particle sizes reveals that ethanol production scales with the amount of CO evolved from Ag sitesand the abundance of Cu Ag boundaries, and, very interestingly, withoutthoutsignificant modifications to ethyleneformation. computational modeling shows selective ethanol generation via Latigmutr Hinshelvvood + *CH (x = 1, 2) coupling at Cu Ag boundaries and that the formation of ene circumvented. Doi:10.1021_acscatal.9b05319
Alloys&&alloy&&Formation of Enriched Vacancies for Enhanced CO2 Electrocatalytic Reduction over AuCu Alloys Electroreduction (ER) of carbon dioxide (CO2) is a promising way to curb excessive CO2 emission and produce value-added products. Gold-copper (AuCu) alloys are known to exhibit eminent CO production performance toward CO2ER. However, it still remains a grand challenge to balance *COOH and *CO bonding and to further decrease CO onset potential. This Letter describes the construction of Cu vacancies at an abrupt surface over a dealloyed AuCu catalyst to effectively decrease the overpotential and increase CO faradaic efficiency. Dealloyed Au3Cu exhibited a 90.2% CO faradaic efficiency at -0.38 V vs RHE and a 418.60 A/g CO mass current density at -0.8 V. vs RHE, achieving the record for CO production among AuCu catalysts. Combining the experimental and theoretical results, we concluded that the improved performance primarily results from the enhanced *COOH absorption. Doi:10.1021_acsenergylett.8b01286
alloying &&alloy&&Guiding Electrochemical Carbon Dioxide Reduction toward Carbonyls Using Copper Silver Thin Films with Interphase Miscibility Steering the selectivity of Cu-based electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2R) catalysts toward targeted products will serve to improve the technoeconomic outlook of technologies based on this process. Using physical vapor deposition as a tool to overcome thermodynamic miscibility limitations, CuAg thin films with nonequilibrium Cu/Ag alloying were prepared for CO2R performance evaluation. In comparison to pure Cu, the CuAg thin films showed significantly higher activity and selectivity toward liquid carbonyl products, including acetaldehyde and acetate. Suppressed activity and selectivity toward hydrocarbons and the competing hydrogen evolution were also demonstrated on CuAg thin films, with a greater degree of suppression observed at increasing nominal Ag compositions. Compositional-dependent CO2R trends coupled with physical characterization and density functional theory suggest that significant miscibility of Ag into the Cu-rich phase of the catalyst underpinned the observed CO2R trends through tuning of adsorbate and reaction intermediate binding energies on the surface. Doi:10.1021_acsenergylett.8b01736
new Cu2O/CuS composite catalyst&&composite&&Cu2O/CuS Nanocomposites Show Excellent Selectivity and Stability for Formate Generation via Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Formate is an important value-added chemical that can be produced via electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions (CO2RR). Cu2O-based catalysts have previously demonstrated decent activity for formate generation; however, they often suffer from poor electrochemical stability under reductive conditions. Here, we report a new Cu2O/CuS composite catalyst that simultaneously achieves an excellent faradaic efficiency of 67.6% and a large partial current density of 15.3 mA/cm(2) at -0.9 V vs RHE for formate. Importantly, it maintains an average faradaic efficiency of 62.9% for at least 30 h at the same potential. The catalytic selectivity and stability for formate production outperform other Cu, CuS, and Cu2O catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acsmaterialslett.0c00520
core/shell nanocrystals&&structure control&&Synergized Cu/Pb Core/Shell Electrocatalyst for High-Efficiency CO2 Reduction to C2+ Liquids The design of efficient copper-based (Cu-based) carbon dioxide reduction (CO2 RR) electrocatalysts is crucial for converting CO2 to value-added liquid products. In this work, we demonstrate that the strong synergy between Cu core and ultrathin lead (Pb) shell (0.7 nm) in the Cu/Pb core/shell nanocrystals (NCs, CuPb-0.7/C) significantly boosts the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 toward C2+ products (products with at least two carbon atoms). Specifically, when applying in a flow cell system, the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of total C2+ products and the selectivity of C2+ liquid products are as high as 81.640 and -19.590, respectively. Moreover, the current density of C2+ liquid products reaches 196.8 mA cm(-2), outperforming most of the reported Cu-based catalysts for CO2 RR toward the production of C2+ liquid products. Density functional theory calculations indicate that the synergized Cu/Pb core/shell NCs reduce the formation energies of *COOH and *OCCOH intermediates, as the two critical intermediates for the reduction of CO2 to CO and the formation of C2+ products, respectively, and leads to the significant increase in the selectivity of C-2(+) liquid products. This study provides a efficient Cu-based catalyst for the reduction of CO2, highlighting the importance of synergistic effect for the design of electrocatalysts in catalysis. Doi:10.1021_acsnano.0c07869
Single Atom&&atomic level dispersion&&Selective Etching Quaternary MAX Phase toward Single Atom Copper Immobilized MXene (Ti3C2Clx) for Efficient CO2 Electroreduction to Methanol Single atom catalysts possess attractive electro-catalytic activities for various chemical reactions owing to their favorable geometric and electronic structures compared to the bulk counterparts. Herein, we demonstrate an efficient approach to producing single atom copper immobilized MXene for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to methanol via selective etching of hybrid A layers (Al and Cu) in quaternary MAX phases (Ti-3(Al1-xCux)C-2) due to the different saturated vapor pressures of Al- and Cu-containing products. After selective etching of Al in the hybrid A layers, Cu atoms are well-preserved and simultaneously immobilized onto the resultant MXene with dominant surface functional group (Cl-x) on the outmost Ti layers (denoted as Ti3C2Clx) via Cu-O bonds. Consequently, the as-prepared single atom Cu catalyst exhibits a high Faradaic efficiency value of 59.1% to produce CH3OH and shows good electrocatalytic stability. On the basis of synchrotron-based X-ray absorption spectroscopy analysis and density functional theory calculations, the single atom Cu with unsaturated electronic structure (Cu delta+, 0 < delta < 2) delivers a low energy barrier for the rate-determining step (conversion of HCOOH* to absorbed CHO* intermediate), which is responsible for the efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to CH3OH. Doi:10.1021_acsnano.0c09755
in order to characterize the morphology of sub-10 nm Cu-Ag nanodimers and core-shells and to elucidate trends in Ag coverage and surface composition&&structure control&&Mapping Composition-Selectivity Relationships of Supported Sub-10 nm Cu-Ag Nanocrystals for High-Rate CO2 Electroreduction Colloidal Cu-Ag nanocrystals measuring less than 10 nm across are promising candidates for integration in hybrid CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) interfaces, especially in the context of tandem catalysis and selective multicarbon (C-2-C-3) product formation. In this work, we vary the synthetic-ligand/copper molar ratio from 0.1 to 1.0 and the silver/copper atomic ratio from 0 to 0.7 and study the variations in the nanocrystals' size distribution, morphology and reactivity at rates of >= 100 mA cm(-2) in a gas-fed recycle electrolyzer operating under neutral to mildly basic conditions (0.1-1.0 M KHCO3). High-resolution electron microscopy and spectroscopy are used in order to characterize the morphology of sub-10 nm Cu-Ag nanodimers and core-shells and to elucidate trends in Ag coverage and surface composition. It is shown that Cu-Ag nanocrystals can be densely dispersed onto a carbon black support without the need for immediate ligand removal or binder addition, which considerably facilitates their application. Although CO2RR product distribution remains an intricate function of time, (kinetic) overpotential and processing conditions, we nevertheless conclude that the ratio of oxygenates to hydrocarbons (which depends primarily on the initial dispersion of the nanocrystals and their composition) rises 3-fold at moderate Ag atom % relative to Cu NCs-based electrodes. Finally, the merits of this particular Cu-Ag/C system and the recycling reactor employed are utilized to obtain maximum C-2-C-3 partial current densities of 92-140 mA cm(-2) at -1.15 V-RHE and liquid product concentrations in excess of 0.05 wt % in 1 M KHCO3 after short electrolysis periods. Doi:10.1021_acsnano.1c04943
 High-Energy Facets&&structure control&&Selectivity on Etching: Creation of High-Energy Facets on Copper Nanocrystals for CO2 Electrochemical Reduction Creating high-energy facets on the surface of catalyst nanocrystals represents a promising method for enhancing their catalytic activity. Herein we show that crystal etching as the reverse process of crystal growth can directly endow nanocrystal surfaces with high-energy facets. The key is to avoid significant modification of the surface energies of the nanocrystal facets by capping effects from solvents, ions, and ligands. Using Cu nanocubes as the starting material, we have successfully demonstrated the creation of high-energy facets in metal nanocrystals by controlled chemical etching. The etched Cu nanocrystals with enriched high-energy {110} facets showed significantly enhanced activity toward CO2 reduction. We believe the etching-based strategy could be extended to the synthesis of nanocrystals of many other catalysts with more active high-energy facets. Doi:10.1021_acsnano.6b00602
Cu-3(BTC)(2) Metal-Organic Framework (Cu-MOF)&&structure control&&Investigation on Electroreduction of CO2 to Formic Acid Using Cu-3(BTC)(2) Metal-Organic Framework (Cu-MOF) and Graphene Oxide A recent class of porous materials, viz., metal-organic frameworks (MOFs), finds applications in several areas. In this work, Cu-based MOFs (Cubenzene-1,3,5-tricarboxylic acid) along with graphene oxide, viz., Cu-MOF/GO, are synthesized and used further for reducing CO2 electrochemically. The reduction was accomplished in various supporting electrolytes, viz., KHCO3/H2O, tetrabutylammonium bromide (TBAB)/dimethylformamide (DMF), KBr/CH3OH, CH3COOK/CH3OH, TBAB/CH3OH, and tetrabutylammonium perchlorate (TBAP)/CH3OH to know their effect on product formation. The electrode fabricated with the synthesized material was used for testing the electroreduction of CO2 at various polarization potentials. The electrochemical reduction of CO2 is carried out via the polarization technique within the experimented potential regime vs saturated calomel electrode (SCE). Ion chromatography was employed for the analysis of the produced products in the electrolyte, and the results showed that HCOOH was the main product formed through reduction. The highest concentrations of HCOOH formed for different electrolytes are 0.1404 mM (-0.1 V), 66.57 mM (-0.6 V), 0.2690 mM (-0.5 V), 0.2390 mM (-0.5 V), 0.7784 mM (-0.4 V), and 0.3050 mM (-0.45 V) in various supporting electrolyte systems, viz., KHCO3/H2O, TBAB/DMF, KBr/CH3OH, CH3COOK/CH3OH, TBAB/CH3OH, and TBAP/CH3OH, respectively. The developed catalyst accomplished a significant efficiency in the conversion and reduction of CO2. A high faradic efficiency of 58% was obtained with 0.1 M TBAB/DMF electrolyte, whereas for Cu-MOF alone, the efficiency was 38%. Thus, the work is carried out using a cost-effective catalyst for the conversion of CO2 to formic acid than using the commercial electrodes. The synergistic effect of GO sheets at 3 wt % concentration and Cu+OH- interaction leads to the formation of formic acid in various electrolytes. Doi:10.1021_acsomega.0c03170
 Atomically Dispersed Metal-Nx Species&&atomic level dispersion&&Efficient Conversion of Carbon Dioxide on Atomically Dispersed Metal-Nx Species-Anchored Porous Carbon with Embedded CuxCoy Nanoparticles by Accelerating Electron Separation To promote methanol product selectivity in CO2 reduction through photoelectrochemical reactions, a novel hybrid electrocatalyst (CuCo/NC) was developed to enhance electron transfer from cobalt to copper atoms with coordinated nitrogen on a ZIF-derived carbon matrix. The binding energies of Co 2p3/2 in CuCo/NC exhibited a 0.2 eV shifting to lower values, whereas those of Cu 2p3/2 exhibited a lower value shift by 1.5 eV, both of which contributed to electron transfer from Co to Cu. DFT calculations showed that the C-Co bond length (1.808 A) between the CO* intermediate and CuCo/NC electrocatalyst was shorter than those in Cu/NC and Co/NC (1.946 and 1.870 A, respectively), indicating that CO* was easier to adsorb on the CuCo/NC electrocatalyst for further reduction. The CuCo/NC electrocatalyst with stable properties efficiently converted CO2 into methanol (FE > 60%) with a carbon atom conversion rate of 4098 nmol h(-1) cm(-2) . Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.0c00652
Shape-Controlled&&structure control&&Promoting C2+ Production from Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on Shape-Controlled Cuprous Oxide Nanocrystals with High-Index Facets Morphology- and crystal facet-controlled Cu2O nanocrystals (NCs), including cubic Cu2O (c-Cu2O) NCs with {100} facets, rhombic dodecahedral Cu2O (d-Cu2O) NCs with {110} facets, and concave octahedral Cu2O (o-Cu2O) NCs with high-index facets, are prepared and employed as catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to C2+ products (ethylene, ethanol, and n- propanol). In situ Raman characterizations demonstrate that the surfaces of all three Cu2O NCs are rapidly converted to metallic Cu during CO2 reduction and reoxidized to smaller-sized Cu2O NCs after tests. Specifically, the o-Cu2O catalyst reveals the highest Faradaic efficiency (48.3%) and partial current density (17.7 mA cm(-2)) for C2+ products at -1.1 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode compared to c-Cu2O and d-Cu2O, which is competitive among the reported Cu and Cu2O catalysts. In addition, abundant crystal defects/grain boundaries and high-index facets are observed on the surface of reconstructed o-Cu2O, which may serve as the active sites and benefit the C-C coupling during CO2 reduction. This work provides a new strategy to achieve efficient C2+ production from electrochemical CO2 reduction via crystal facet regulation of Cu2O catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.0c04873
The synergistic effect between Cu and Co in IL-based electrolyte is the main reason for the excellent catalytic performance.&&alloy&&Highly Selective CO2 Electroreduction to CO on Cu-Co Bimetallic Catalysts Electrochemical CO2 reduction is of great importance for both decreasing greenhouse gas concentration and producing value-added chemicals and fuels. CO is the key industrial feedstock for the synthesis of various hydrocarbons and alcohols. Herein, we described a facile and effective route to synthesize well-dispersed Cu-Co bimetallic nanoparticles on porous carbon as electrocatalysts for the electroreduction of CO2 to CO. It was demonstrated that the Faradaic efficiency of CO could reach 97.4% with a current density of 62.1 mA cm(-2), when MeCN containing 0.5 M ionic liquid (IL), 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium hexafluorophosphate was used as the electrolyte. We can find that the current density is significantly higher than other Cu-based catalysts for CO production in the literature. The synergistic effect between Cu and Co in IL-based electrolyte is the main reason for the excellent catalytic performance. The incorporation of Co into Cu leads to higher electrochemical surface area, more space for mass diffusion, strong CO2 adsorption, and appropriate CO2 center dot- adsorption. Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.0c03797
Atomic-Level&&atomic level dispersion&&Atomic-Level Copper Sites for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Hydrocarbon In the aqueous electroreduction of CO2, the competing hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) results in poor product selectivity of the catalyst. To suppress HER, herein, the atomic-level copper sites of Cu-1 and Cu-4 were prepared and stabilized in hydrophobic cyclohexene. The stabilized sites anchored on multiwall carbon nanotubes through chemical interaction, presenting high selectivity of hydrocarbon production in CO2 electroreduction. A large mass activity of CH4 production around 100 000 A.cm(-2).gCu(-1) at -1.8 V vs reverse hydrogen electrode (RHE) was achieved on the catalyst containing Cu-1, exhibiting around 200 times more activity than the direct use of copper salt. With increasing Cu addition in the preparation, the Cu-4 nanoclusters were in situ formed and C-2 hydrocarbon was generated favorably with a mass activity of C2H4 around 10 000 A.cm(-2).gCu(-1) at -1.4 V vs RHE, much higher than the copper bulk with Cu(111) facets. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations disclosed that the dimerization of adsorbed CO intermediates for C-2 generation was accelerated by the Cu-4 nanoclusters. Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.1c04519
Alloys &&alloy&&Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to Formate on Cu Based Surface Alloys with Enhanced Selectivity Cu is a catalyst that can electrochemically reduce CO2 to a variety of industrially important carbon products, but often with poor selectivity and low current density. Alloying Cu with other metals provides a useful strategy to tune product selectivity. In this study, four different metal hydroxides were deposited onto Cu(OH)(2) sub-micronsized rods (SMRs) that were grown on a copper foam by an inexpensive and facile method. This procedure was followed by dehydration to form MOx (M = Cd, Sb, Pb, Zn) on a CuyO SMR surface and then electrochemically reduced to form MCu on the Cu SMR surface. Use of these materials for CO2 reduction achieves enhancement in formate selectivity in the order of Cd > Sb > Pb > Zn with excellent current density (similar to 30 mA cm(-2)). The role of the four materials in tuning the selectivity toward formate during electrochemical CO2 reduction on these modified Cu SMRs is elucidated. Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.9b04222
Cu/Cu2O particles form a porous octahedral structure containing tunable Cu-0 and Cu+ catalytic active sites.&&structure control&&Metal-Organic-Frameworks-Derived Cu/Cu2O Catalyst with Ultrahigh Current Density for Continuous-Flow CO2 Electroreduction The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (ECR-CO2) to produce low-carbon fuels and high-value industrial chemicals has been proven to be a viable solution to energy sustainability. However, the energy efficiency of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction is seriously limited by both poor electrocatalyst with insufficient activity, selectivity, and stability and ineffective electrochemical reactors. In this work, the electroreduction of CO2 to CO is highly improved by the design of copper-metal-organic-frameworks-derived nanoparticle (Cu-MOF/NP) catalysts, in which Cu/Cu2O particles form a porous octahedral structure containing tunable Cu-0 and Cu+ catalytic active sites. The ECR-CO2 can be realized with a high current density of 25.15 mA cm(-2) at a very low applied potential of mere 0.79 V-RHE even in an H-type cell, owing to the high-surface-area porous structure with optimal surface chemistry of exposed Cu cations. Notably, a new flow electrochemical reactor integrated with a membrane electrode assembly (MEA) is designed to not only largely reduce the applied potential (similar to 200 mV) but also prompt the sensitivity of the reactor for identifying and quantifying reaction products. Accordingly, the Cu-MOF/NP catalyst enables an ultrahigh current density beyond 230 mA cm(-2) at a low applied potential of-0.86 V-RHE in the flow MEA reactor and the ethanol product (often undetectable in the traditional H-type cell) to be harvested. Doi:10.1021_acssuschemeng.9b03892
the faradic yields of ethylene and ethanol can be systematically tuned by changing the thickness of the deposited overlayers.&&structure control&&Selective Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Ethylene and Ethanol on Copper(I) Oxide Catalysts The selective electroreduction of carbon dioxide to C-2 compounds (ethylene and ethanol) on copper(I) oxide films has been investigated at various electrochemical potentials. Aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 was used as electrolyte. A remarkable finding is that the faradic yields of ethylene and ethanol can be systematically tuned by changing the thickness of the deposited overlayers. Films 1.7-3.6 mu m thick exhibited the best selectivity for these C-2 compounds at -0.99 V vs RHE, with faradic efficiencies (FE) of 34-39% for ethylene and 9-16% for ethanol. Less than 1% methane was formed. A high C2H4/CH4 products' ratio of up to similar to 100 could be achieved. Scanning electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, and in situ Raman spectroscopy revealed that the Cu2O films reduced rapidly and remained as metallic Cu-0 particles during the CO2 reduction. The selectivity trends exhibited by the catalysts during CO2 reduction in phosphate buffer, and KHCO3 electrolytes suggest that an increase in local pH at the surface of the electrode is not the only factor in enhancing the formation of C-2 products. An optimized surface population of edges and steps on the catalyst is also necessary to facilitate the dissociation of CO2 and the dimerization of the pertinent CHxO intermediates to ethylene and ethanol. Doi:10.1021_cs502128q
nanoparticle film &&structure control&&Electroreduction of CO2 to Formate on a Copper-Based Electrocatalyst at High Pressures with High Energy Conversion Efficiency Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction (CO2RR) to valuable fuels is a promising approach to mitigate energy and environmental problems, but controlling the reaction pathways and products remains challenging. Here a novel Cu2O nanoparticle film was synthesized by square-wave (SW) electrochemical redox cycling of high-purity Cu foils. The cathode afforded up to 98% Faradaic efficiency for electroreduction of CO2 to nearly pure formate under >= 45 atm CO2 in bicarbonate catholytes. When this cathode was paired with a newly developed NiFe hydroxide carbonate anode in KOH/borate anolyte, the resulting two-electrode high-pressure electrolysis cell achieved high energy conversion efficiencies of up to 55.8% stably for long-term formate production. While the high-pressure conditions drastically increased the solubility of CO2 to enhance CO2 reduction and suppress hydrogen evolution, the (111)-oriented Cu2O film was found to be important to afford nearly 100% CO2 reduction to formate. The results have implications for CO2 reduction to a single liquid product with high energy conversion efficiency. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c00122
up to 4 times greater methanation current densities compared to high-purity copper foil electrodes&&structure control&&Enhanced Electrochemical Methanation of Carbon Dioxide with a Dispersible Nanoscale Copper Catalyst Although the vast majority of hydrocarbon fuels and products are presently derived from petroleum, there is much interest in the development of routes for synthesizing these same products by hydrogenating CO2. The simplest hydrocarbon target is methane, which can utilize existing infrastructure for natural gas storage, distribution, and consumption. Electrochemical methods for methanizing CO2 currently suffer from a combination of low activities and poor selectivities. We demonstrate that copper nanoparticles supported on glassy carbon (n-Cu/C) achieve up to 4 times greater methanation current densities compared to high-purity copper foil electrodes. The n-Cu/C electrocatalyst also exhibits an average Faradaic efficiency for methanation of 80% during extended electrolysis, the highest Faradaic efficiency for room-temperature methanation reported to date. We find that the level of copper catalyst loading on the glassy carbon support has an enormous impact on the morphology of the copper under catalytic conditions and the resulting Faradaic efficiency for methane. The improved activity and Faradaic efficiency for methanation involves a mechanism that is distinct from what is generally thought to occur on copper foils. Electrochemical data indicate that the early steps of methanation on n-Cu/C involve a pre-equilibrium one-electron transfer to CO2 to form an adsorbed radical, followed by a rate-limiting non-electrochemical step in which the adsorbed CO2 radical reacts with a second CO2 molecule from solution. These nanoscale copper electrocatalysts represent a first step toward the preparation of practical methanation catalysts that can be incorporated into membrane-electrode assemblies in electrolyzers. Doi:10.1021_ja5065284
an atypical and stable OBC catalyst with a hierarchical pore and nanograin-boundary structure was constructed and was found to exhibit efficient CO2RR for the production of ethylene&&structure control&&Atypical Oxygen-Bearing Copper Boosts Ethylene Selectivity toward Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction Oxygen-bearing copper (OBC) has been widely studied for enabling the C-C coupling of the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) since this is a distinctive hallmark of strongly correlated OBC systems and may benefit many other Cu-based catalytic processes. Unresolved problems, however, include the instability of and limited knowledge regarding OBC under realistic operating conditions, raising doubts about its role in CO2RR. Here, an atypical and stable OBC catalyst with a hierarchical pore and nanograin-boundary structure was constructed and was found to exhibit efficient CO2RR for the production of ethylene with a Faradaic efficiency of 45% at a partial current density of 44.7 mA cm(-2) in neutral media, and the ethylene partial current density is nearly 26 and 116 times that of oxygen-free copper (OFC) and commercial Cu foam, respectively. More importantly, the structure-activity relationship in CO2RR was explored through a comprehensive analysis of experimental data and computational techniques, thus increasing the fundamental understanding of CO2RR A systematic characterization analysis suggests that atypical OBC (Cu4O) was formed and that it is stable even at -1.00 V [(vs the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)]. Density functional theory calculations show that the atypical OBC enables control over CO adsorption and dimerization, making it possible to implement a preference for the electrosynthesis of ethylene (C-2) products. These results provide insight into the synthesis and structural characteristics of OBC as well as its interplay with ethylene selectivity. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c01562
grain-boundary-rich metallic copper&&structure control&&Grain-Boundary-Rich Copper for Efficient Solar-Driven Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Ethylene and Ethanol The grain boundary in copper-based electrocatalysts has been demonstrated to improve the selectivity of solar-driven electrochemical CO2 reduction toward multicarbon products. However, the approach to form grain boundaries in copper is still limited. This paper describes a controllable grain growth of copper electrodeposition via poly(vinylpyrrolidone) used as an additive. A grain-boundary-rich metallic copper could be obtained to convert CO2 into ethylene and ethanol with a high selectivity of 70% over a wide potential range. In situ attenuated total reflection surface-enhanced infrared absorption spectroscopy unveils that the existence of grain boundaries enhances the adsorption of the key intermediate (*CO) on the copper surface to boost the further CO2 reduction. When coupling with a commercially available Si solar cell, the device achieves a remarkable solar-to-C2-products conversion efficiency of 3.88% at a large current density of 52 mA.cm(-2). This low-cost and efficient device is promising for largescale application of solar-driven CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c00971
multihollow &&structure control&&Protecting Copper Oxidation State via Intermediate Confinement for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Fuels Selective and efficient catalytic conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into value-added fuels and feedstocks provides an ideal avenue to high-density renewable energy storage. An impediment to enabling deep CO2 reduction to oxygenates and hydrocarbons (e.g., C2+ compounds) is the difficulty of coupling carbon-carbon bonds efficiently. Copper in the +1 oxidation state has been thought to be active for catalyzing C2+ formation, whereas it is prone to being reduced to Cu-0 at cathodic potentials. Here we report that catalysts with nanocavities can confine carbon intermediates formed in situ, which in turn covers the local catalyst surface and thereby stabilizes Cu+ species. Experimental measurements on multihollow cuprous oxide catalyst exhibit a C2+ Faradaic efficiency of 75.2 +/- 2.7% at a C2+ partial current density of 267 +/- 13 mA cm(-2) and a large C2+-to-C-1 ratio of similar to 7.2. Operando Raman spectra, in conjunction with X-ray absorption studies, confirm that Cu+ species in the as-designed catalyst are well retained during CO2 reduction, which leads to the marked C2+ selectivity at a large conversion rate. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c01699
a crystal phase-dependent catalytic behavior of Cu&&structure control&&Ethylene Selectivity in Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction on Cu Nanomaterials: A Crystal Phase-Dependent Study The crystal phase of metal nanocatalysts significantly affects their catalytic performance. Cu-based nanomaterials are unique electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to produce high-value hydrocarbons. However, studies to date are limited to the conventional face-centered cubic (fcc) Cu. Here, we report a crystal phase-dependent catalytic behavior of Cu, after the successful synthesis of high-purity 4H Cu and heterophase 4H/fcc Cu using the 4H and 4H/fcc Au as templates, respectively. Remarkably, the obtained unconventional crystal structures of Cu exhibit enhanced overall activity and higher ethylene (C2H4) selectivity in CO2RR compared to the fcc Cu. Density functional theory calculations suggest that the 4H phase and 4H/fcc interface of Cu favor the C2H4 formation pathway compared to the fcc Cu, leading to the crystal phase-dependent C2H4 selectivity. This study demonstrates the importance of crystal phase engineering of metal nanocatalysts for electrocatalytic reactions, offering a new strategy to prepare novel catalysts with unconventional phases for various applications. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c04981
coordination polymer&&atomic level dispersion&&Enhanced Cuprophilic Interactions in Crystalline Catalysts Facilitate the Highly Selective Electroreduction of CO2 to CH4 Cu(I)-based catalysts have proven to play an important role in the formation of specific hydrocarbon products from electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR). However, it is difficult to understand the effect of intrinsic cuprophilic interactions inside the Cu(I) catalysts on the electrocatalytic mechanism and performance. Herein, two stable copper(I)-based coordination polymer (NNU-32 and NNU-33(S)) catalysts are synthesized and integrated into a CO2 flow cell electrolyzer, which exhibited very high selectivity for electrocatalytic CO2 -to-CH4 conversion due to clearly inherent intramolecular cuprophilic interactions. Substitution of hydroxyl radicals for sulfate radicals during the electrocatalytic process results in an in situ dynamic crystal structure transition from NNU-33(S) to NNU-33(H), which further strengthens the cuprophilic interactions inside the catalyst structure. Consequently, NNU-33(H) with enhanced cuprophilic interactions shows an outstanding product (CH4) selectivity of 82% at -0.9 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode, j = 391 mA cm(-2) ), which represents the best crystalline catalyst for electrocatalytic CO2-to-CH4 conversion to date. Moreover, the detailed DFT calculations also prove that the cuprophilic interactions can effectively facilitate the electroreduction of CO2 to CH4 by decreasing the Gibbs free energy change of potential determining step (*H-2 COOH -> *OCH2). Significantly, this work first explored the effect of intrinsic cuprophilic interactions of Cu(I)-based catalysts on the electrocatalytic performance of CO2RR and provides an important case study for designing more stable and efficient crystalline catalysts to reduce CO2 to high-value carbon products. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c11450
Cu nanosheets with nanoscaled defects (2-14 nm)&&defect&&Highly Electrocatalytic Ethylene Production from CO2 on Nanodefective Cu Nanosheets The electrochemical synthesis of chemicals from carbon dioxide, which is an easily available and renewable carbon resource, is of great importance. However, to achieve high product selectivity for desirable C-2 products like ethylene is a big challenge. Here we design Cu nanosheets with nanoscaled defects (2-14 nm) for the electrochemical production of ethylene from carbon dioxide. A high ethylene Faradaic efficiency of 83.2% is achieved. It is proved that the nanoscaled defects can enrich the reaction intermediates and hydroxyl ions on the electrocatalyst, thus promoting C-C coupling for ethylene formation. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c06420
electrodeposited&&structure control&&Selective and High Current CO2 Electro-Reduction to Multicarbon Products in Near-Neutral KCl Electrolytes Reducing CO2 to value-added multicarbon (C2+) fuels and chemicals using renewable energy is a viable way to circumvent CO2 buildup in the atmosphere and facilitate closing the carbon cycle. To date it remains a challenge to achieve high product selectivity and long-term stability of electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) especially at practically relevant high current levels >100 mA cm(-2). Here, we report a simple electrodeposited Cu electrocatalyst on a hydrophobic porous gas-diffusion layer (GDL) electrode affording stable and selective CO2RR to C2+ products in nearneutral KCI electrolytes. By directing the CO, stream to fully submerged hydrophobic GDLs in a H-cell, high C2+ partial current densities near 100 mA cm(-2) were achieved. In a flow-cell setup, the Cu/GDL cathode in 2 M KCl afforded stable CO2RR superior to that in widely used KOH electrolytes. We found that Cu etching/corrosion associated with trace oxygen played a role in the catalyst instability in alkaline media under cathodic CO2 RR conditions, a problem largely suppressed in near-neutral electrolyte. A two-electrode CO2 electrolyzer was constructed with a Cu/GDL cathode in KCI catholyte and an anode comprised of nickel-iron hydroxide on nickel foam (NiFe/NF) in a KOH anolyte separated by Nafion membrane. By periodically adding HCl to the KCl catholyte to compensate the increasing pH and remove accumulated (bi)carbonates, we observed little decay over similar to 30 h in flow-cell CO2RR activity and selectivity at 150 mA cm(-2) with a high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of similar to 75% and energy efficiency of 40% for C2+ products. Doi:10.1021_jacs.0c13427
This hierarchical copper structure endows the CO2 reduction electrode with sufficient hydrophobicity to build a robust gas-liquid-solid triple-phase boundary, &&structure control&&Hierarchical Copper with Inherent Hydrophobicity Mitigates Electrode Flooding for High-Rate CO2 Electroreduction to Multicarbon Products Copper is currently the material with the most promise as catalyst to drive carbon dioxide (CO2) electroreduction to produce value-added multicarbon (C2+) compounds. However, a copper catalyst on a carbon-based gas diffusion layer electrode often has poor stability.especially when performing at high current densities.owing to electrolyte flooding caused by the hydrophobicity decrease of the gas diffusion layer during operation. Here, we report a bioinspired copper catalyst on a gas diffusion layer that mimics the unique hierarchical structuring of Setaria's hydrophobic leaves. This hierarchical copper structure endows the CO2 reduction electrode with sufficient hydrophobicity to build a robust gas-liquid-solid triple-phase boundary, which can not only trap more CO2 close to the active copper surface but also effectively resist electrolyte flooding even under high-rate operation. We consequently achieved a high C2+ production rate of 255 +/- 5.7 mA cm(-2) with a 64 +/- 1.4% faradaic efficiency, as well as outstanding operational stability at 300 mA cm(-2) over 45 h in a flow reactor, largely outperforming its wettable copper counterparts. Doi:10.1021_jacs.1c01190
Molecular Cu Catalyst&&atomic level dispersion&&Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Hydrocarbons on a Heterogeneous Molecular Cu Catalyst in Aqueous Solution Exploration of heterogeneous molecular catalysts combining the atomic-level tunability of molecular structures and the practical handling advantages of heterogeneous catalysts represents an attractive approach to developing high-performance catalysts for important and challenging chemical reactions such as electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction which holds the promise for converting emissions back to fuels utilizing renewable energy. Thus, far, efficient and selective electroreduction of CO2 to deeply reduced products such as hydrocarbons remains a big challenge. Here, we report a molecular copper-porphyrin complex (copper(II)-5,10,15,20-tetrakis-(2,6-dihydroxyphenyl)porphyrin) that can be used as a heterogeneous electrocatalyst with high activity and selectivity for reducing CO2 to hydrocarbons in aqueous media. At -0.976 V vs the reversible hydrogen electrode, the catalyst is able to drive partial current densities of 13.2 and 8.4 mA cm(-2) for methane and ethylene production from CO2 reduction, corresponding to turnover frequencies of 4.3 and 1.8 molecules.site(-1).s(-1) for methane and ethylene, respectively. This represents the highest catalytic activity to date for hydrocarbon production over a molecular CO2 reduction electrocatalyst. The unprecedented catalytic performance is attributed to the built-in hydroxyl groups in the porphyrin structure and the reactivity of the copper(I) metal center. Doi:10.1021_jacs.6b04746
highly defective interfaces&&defect&&Selectivity Control of Cu Nanocrystals in a Gas-Fed Flow Cell through CO2 Pulsed Electroreduction In this study, we have taken advantage of a pulsed CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2RR) approach to tune the product distribution at industrially relevant current densities in a gas-fed flow cell. We compared the CO2RR selectivity of Cu catalysts subjected to either potentiostatic conditions (fixed applied potential of -0.7 V-RHE) or pulsed electrolysis conditions (1 s pulses at oxidative potentials ranging from E-an = 0.6 to 1.5 V-RHE , followed by 1 s pulses at -0.7 V-RHE ) and identified the main parameters responsible for the enhanced product selectivity observed in the latter case. Herein, two distinct regimes were observed: (i) for E-an = 0.9 V-RHE we obtained 10% enhanced C-2 product selectivity (FEC2H4 = 43.6% and FEC2H5 OH = 19.8%) in comparison to the potentiostatic CO2RR at -0.7 V-RHE (FEC2H4 = 40.9% and FEC2H5OH = 11%), (ii) while for E-an = 1.2 V-RHE, high CH4 selectivity (FECH4 = 48.3% vs 1% at constant -0.7 V-RHE) was observed. Operando spectroscopy (XAS, SERS) and ex situ microscopy (SEM and TEM) measurements revealed that these differences in catalyst selectivity can be ascribed to structural modifications and local pH effects. The morphological reconstruction of the catalyst observed after pulsed electrolysis with E-an = 0.9 V-RHE, including the presence of highly defective interfaces and grain boundaries, was found to play a key role in the enhancement of the C-2 product formation. In turn, pulsed electrolysis with E-an = 1.2 V-RHE caused the consumption of OH - species near the catalyst surface, leading to an OH-poor environment favorable for CH4 production. Doi:10.1021_jacs.1c03443
ordered CuPd catalyst&&alloy&&Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide to Hydrocarbons Using Bimetallic Cu-Pd Catalysts with Different Mixing Patterns Electrochemical conversion of CO2 holds promise for utilization of CO2 as a carbon feedstock and for storage of intermittent renewable energy. Presently Cu is the only metallic electrocatalyst known to reduce CO2 to appreciable amounts of hydrocarbons, but often a wide range of products such as CO2 HCOO-, and H-2 are formed as well. Better catalysts that exhibit high activity and especially high selectivity for specific products are needed. Here a range of bimetallic Cu-Pd catalysts with ordered, disordered, and phase-separated atomic arrangements (Cu-at:Pd-at = 1:1), as well as two additional disordered arrangements (Cu3Pd and CuPd3 with Cu-at:Pd-at = 3:1 and 1:3), are studied to determine key factors needed to achieve high selectivity for C1 or C2 chemicals in CO2 reduction. When compared with the disordered and phase-separated CuPd catalysts, the ordered CuPd catalyst exhibits the highest selectivity for Cl products (>80%). The phase-separated CuPd and Cu3Pd achieve higher selectivity (>60%) for C2 chemicals than CuPd3 and ordered CuPd, which suggests that the probability of dimerization of Cl intermediates is higher on surfaces with neighboring Cu atoms. Based on surface valence band spectra, geometric effects rather than electronic effects seem to be key in determining the selectivity of bimetallic Cu Pd catalysts. These results imply that selectivities to different products can be tuned by geometric arrangements. This insight may benefit the design of catalytic surfaces that further improve activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_jacs.6b10740
phase-separated CuPd and Cu3Pd&&structure control&&Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide to Hydrocarbons Using Bimetallic Cu-Pd Catalysts with Different Mixing Patterns Electrochemical conversion of CO2 holds promise for utilization of CO2 as a carbon feedstock and for storage of intermittent renewable energy. Presently Cu is the only metallic electrocatalyst known to reduce CO2 to appreciable amounts of hydrocarbons, but often a wide range of products such as CO2 HCOO-, and H-2 are formed as well. Better catalysts that exhibit high activity and especially high selectivity for specific products are needed. Here a range of bimetallic Cu-Pd catalysts with ordered, disordered, and phase-separated atomic arrangements (Cu-at:Pd-at = 1:1), as well as two additional disordered arrangements (Cu3Pd and CuPd3 with Cu-at:Pd-at = 3:1 and 1:3), are studied to determine key factors needed to achieve high selectivity for C1 or C2 chemicals in CO2 reduction. When compared with the disordered and phase-separated CuPd catalysts, the ordered CuPd catalyst exhibits the highest selectivity for Cl products (>80%). The phase-separated CuPd and Cu3Pd achieve higher selectivity (>60%) for C2 chemicals than CuPd3 and ordered CuPd, which suggests that the probability of dimerization of Cl intermediates is higher on surfaces with neighboring Cu atoms. Based on surface valence band spectra, geometric effects rather than electronic effects seem to be key in determining the selectivity of bimetallic Cu Pd catalysts. These results imply that selectivities to different products can be tuned by geometric arrangements. This insight may benefit the design of catalytic surfaces that further improve activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_jacs.6b10740
the 0.8 nm SnO2 shell likely alloys with trace of Cu, causing the SnO2 lattice to be uniaxially compressed and favors the production of CO over formate.&&composite&&Tuning Sn-Catalysis for Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to CO via the Core/Shell Cu/SnO2 Structure Tin (Sn) is known to be a good catalyst for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate in 0.5 M KHCO3. But when a thin layer of SnO2 is coated over Cu nanoparticles, the reduction becomes Sn-thickness dependent: the thicker (1.8 nm) shell shows Sn-like activity to generate formate whereas the thinner (0.8 nm) shell is selective to the formation of CO with the conversion Faradaic efficiency (FE) reaching 93% at 0.7 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)). Theoretical calculations suggest that the 0.8 nm SnO2 shell likely alloys with trace of Cu, causing the SnO2 lattice to be uniaxially compressed and favors the production of CO over formate. The report demonstrates a new strategy to tune NP catalyst selectivity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 via the tunable core/shell structure. Doi:10.1021_jacs.7b00261
ordered AuCu NPs&&alloy&&Electrochemical Activation of CO2 through Atomic Ordering Transformations of AuCu Nanoparticles Precise control of elemental configurations within multi metallic nanoparticles (NPs) could enable access to functional nanomaterials with significant performance benefits. This can be achieved down to the atomic level by the disorder-to-order transformation of individual NPs. Here, by systematically controlling the ordering degree, we show that the atomic ordering transformation, applied to AuCu NPs, activates them to perform as selective electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction. In contrast to the disordered alloy NP, which is catalytically active for hydrogen evolution, ordered AuCu NPs selectively converted CO2 to CO at faradaic efficiency reaching 80%. CO formation could be achieved with a reduction in overpotential of similar to 200 mV, and catalytic turnover was enhanced by 3.2-fold. In comparison to those obtained with a pure gold catalyst, mass activities could be improved as well. Atomic-level structural investigations revealed three Atomic gold layers over the intermetallic core to be sufficient for enhanced catalytic behavior, which is further supported by DFT analysis. Doi:10.1021_jacs.7b03516
This selectivity enhancement is a result of the selective suppression of hydrogen evolution, which occurs due to compressive strain induced by the formation of a CuAg surface alloy&&alloy&&Electrochemical CO2 Reduction over Compressively Strained CuAg Surface Alloys with Enhanced Multi-Carbon Oxygenate Selectivity The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide using renewably generated electricity offers a potential means for producing fuels and chemicals in a sustainable manner. To date, copper has been found to be the most effective catalyst for electrochemically reducing carbon dioxide to products such as methane, ethene, and ethanol. Unfortunately, the current efficiency of the process is limited by competition with the relatively facile hydrogen evolution reaction. Since multi-carbon products are more valuable precursors to chemicals and fuels than methane, there is considerable interest in modifying copper to enhance the multi-carbon product selectivity. Here, we report our investigations of electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction over CuAg bimetallic electrodes and surface alloys, which we find to be more selective for the formation of multi-carbon products than pure copper: This selectivity enhancement is a result of the selective suppression of hydrogen evolution, which occurs due to compressive strain induced by the formation of a CuAg surface alloy. Furthermore, we report that these bimetallic electrocatalysts exhibit an unusually high selectivity for the formation of multi-carbon carbonyl-containing products, which we hypothesize to be the consequence of a reduced coverage of adsorbed hydrogen and the reduced oxophilicity of the compressively strained copper. Thus, we show that promoting copper surface with small amounts of Ag is a promising means for improving the multi-carbon oxygenated product selectivity of copper during electrochemical CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_jacs.7b08607
Alloys &&alloy&&Nanoporous Copper Silver Alloys by Additive-Controlled Electrodeposition for the Selective Electroreduction of CO2 to Ethylene and Ethanol Electrodeposition of CuAg alloy films from plating baths containing 3,5-diamino-1,2,4-triazole (DAT) as an inhibitor yields high surface area catalysts for the active and selective electroreduction of CO, to multicarbon hydrocarbons and oxygenates. EXAFS shows the co-deposited alloy film to be homogeneously mixed. The alloy film containing 6% Ag exhibits the best CO, electroreduction performance, with the Faradaic efficiency for C2H4 and C2H5OH production reaching nearly 60 and 25%, respectively, at a cathode potential of just -0.7 V vs RHE and a total current density of similar to - 300 mA/cm(2). Such high levels of selectivity at high activity and low applied potential are the highest reported to date. In situ Raman and electroanalysis studies suggest the origin of the high selectivity toward C-2 products to be a combined effect of the enhanced stabilization of the Cu2O overlayer and the optimal availability of the CO intermediate due to the Ag incorporated in the alloy. Doi:10.1021_jacs.8b01868
metal-organic framework (MOF)-regulated Cu cluster formation&&atomic level dispersion&&Metal-Organic Frameworks Mediate Cu Coordination for Selective CO2 Electroreduction The electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) produces diverse chemical species. Cu clusters with a judiciously controlled surface coordination number (CN) provide active sites that simultaneously optimize selectivity, activity, and efficiency for CO2RR. Here we report a strategy involving metal-organic framework (MOF)-regulated Cu cluster formation that shifts CO2 electroreduction toward multiple-carbon product generation. Specifically, we promoted undercoordinated sites during the formation of Cu clusters by controlling the structure of the Cu dimer, the precursor for Cu clusters. We distorted the symmetric paddle-wheel Cu dimer secondary building block of HKUST-1 to an asymmetric motif by separating adjacent benzene tricarboxylate moieties using thermal treatment. By varying materials processing conditions, we modulated the asymmetric local atomic structure, oxidation state and bonding strain of Cu dimers. Using electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) experiments, we observed the formation of Cu clusters with low CN from distorted Cu dimers in HKUST-1 during CO2 electroreduction. These exhibited 45% C2H4 faradaic efficiency (FE), a record for MOF-derived Cu cluster catalysts. A structure-activity relationship was established wherein the tuning of the Cu-Cu CN in Cu clusters determines the CO2RR selectivity. Doi:10.1021_jacs.8b06407
 anodized copper (AN-Cu) Cu(OH)(2) catalysts by a simple electrochemical synthesis method&&structure control&&Mixed Copper States in Anodized Cu Electrocatalyst for Stable and Selective Ethylene Production from CO2 Reduction OxygenCu (OCu) combination catalysts have recently achieved highly improved selectivity for ethylene production from the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). In this study, we developed anodized copper (AN-Cu) Cu(OH)(2) catalysts by a simple electrochemical synthesis method and achieved similar to 40% Faradaic efficiency for ethylene production, and high stability over 40 h. Notably, the initial reduction conditions applied to AN-Cu were critical to achieving selective and stable ethylene production activity from the CO2RR, as the initial reduction condition affects the structures and chemical states, crucial for highly selective and stable ethylene production over methane. A highly negative reduction potential produced a catalyst maintaining long-term stability for the selective production of ethylene over methane, and a small amount of Cu(OH)(2) was still observed on the catalyst surface. Meanwhile, when a mild reduction condition was applied to the AN-Cu, the Cu(OH)(2) crystal structure and mixed states disappeared on the catalyst, becoming more favorable to methane production after few hours. These results show the selectivity of ethylene to methane in O-Cu combination catalysts is influenced by the electrochemical reduction environment related to the mixed valences. This will provide new strategies to improve durability of O-Cu combination catalysts for C-C coupling products from electrochemical CO2 conversion. Doi:10.1021_jacs.8b02173
The increased C2H4 production activity was related to the morphological transformation over reaction time&&structure control&&Electrochemical Fragmentation of Cu2O Nanoparticles Enhancing Selective C-C Coupling from CO2 Reduction Reaction In this study, we demonstrate that the initial morphology of nanoparticles can be transformed into small fragmented nanoparticles, which were densely contacted to each other, during electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Cu-based nanoparticles were directly grown on a carbon support by using cysteamine immobilization agent, and the synthesized nanoparticle catalyst showed increasing activity during initial CO2RR, doubling Faradaic efficiency of C2H4 production from 27% to 57.3%. The increased C2H4 production activity was related to the morphological transformation over reaction time. Twenty nm cubic Cu2O crystalline particles gradually experienced in situ electrochemical fragmentation into 2-4 nm small particles under the negative potential, and the fragmentation was found to be initiated from the surface of the nanocrystal. Compared to Cu@CuO nanoparticle/C or bulk Cu-0 foil, the fragmented Cu-based NP/C catalyst achieved enhanced C2+, production selectivity, accounting 87% of the total CO2RR products, and suppressed H-2 production. In-situ X-ray absorption near edge structure studies showed metallic Cu state was observed under CO2RR, but the fragmented nanoparticles were more readily reoxidized at open circuit potential inside of the electrolyte, allowing labile Cu states. The unique morphology, small nanoparticles stacked upon on another, is proposed to promote C-C coupling reaction selectivity from CO2RR by suppressing HER. Doi:10.1021_jacs.8b11237
Nanodimers including the two constituent metals as segregated domains sharing a tunable interface&&structure control&&Structural Sensitivities in Bimetallic Catalysts for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Revealed by Ag-Cu Nanodimers Understanding the structural and compositional sensitivities of the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is fundamentally important for developing highly efficient and selective electrocatalysts. Here, we use Ag/Cu nanocrystals to uncover the key role played by the Ag/Cu interface in promoting CO2RR. Nanodimers including the two constituent metals as segregated domains sharing a tunable interface are obtained by developing a seeded growth synthesis, wherein preformed Ag nanoparticles are used as nucleation seeds for the Cu domain. We find that the type of metal precursor and the strength of the reducing agent play a key role in achieving the desired chemical and structural control. We show that tandem catalysis and electronic effects, both enabled by the addition of Ag to Cu in the form of segregated nanodomain within the same catalyst, synergistically account for an enhancement in the Faradaic efficiency for C2H4 by 3.4-fold and in the partial current density for CO2 reduction by 2-fold compared with the pure Cu counterpart. The insights gained from this work may be beneficial for designing efficient multicomponent catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1021_jacs.8b12381
highly selective ethylene production dependent upon the catalyst morphology using copper oxide nanoparticles&&structure control&&Branched Copper Oxide Nanoparticles Induce Highly Selective Ethylene Production by Electrochemical Carbon Dioxide Reduction For long-term storage of renewable energy, the electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) offers a promising option for converting electricity to permanent forms of chemical energy. In this work, we present highly selective ethylene production dependent upon the catalyst morphology using copper oxide nanoparticles. The branched CuO nanoparticles were synthesized and then deposited on conductive carbon materials. After activation, the major copper species changed to Cu+, and the resulting electrocatalyst exhibited a high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of ethylene reaching over 70% and a hydrogen FE of 30% without any byproducts in a neutral aqueous solution. The catalyst also showed high durability (up to 12 h) with the ethylene FE over 65%. Compared to cubic morphology, the initial branched copper oxide structure formed highly active domains with interfaces and junctions in-between during activation, which caused large surface area with high local pH leading to high selectivity and activity for ethylene production. Doi:10.1021_jacs.9b00911
size-controlled (similar to 5 nm) Cu100-xZnx nanoparticles (NPs)&&structure control&&Operando Insight into the Correlation between the Structure and Composition of CuZn Nanoparticles and Their Selectivity for the Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Bimetallic CuZn catalysts have been recently proposed as alternatives in order to achieve selectivity control during the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR). However, fundamental understanding of the underlying reaction mechanism and parameters determining the CO2RR performance is still missing. In this study, we have employed size-controlled (similar to 5 nm) Cu100-xZnx nanoparticles (NPs) supported on carbon to investigate the correlation between their structure and composition and catalytic performance. By tuning the concentration of Zn, a drastic increase in CH4 selectivity [similar to 70% Faradaic efficiency (F.E.)] could be achieved for Zn contents from 10 to 50, which was accompanied by a suppression of the H-2 production. Samples containing a higher Zn concentration displayed significantly lower CH4 production and an abrupt switch in the selectivity to CO. Lack of metal leaching was observed based on quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). Operando X-ray absorption fine structure (XAFS) spectroscopy measurements revealed that the alloying of Cu atoms with Zn atoms takes place under reaction conditions and plays a determining role in the product selectivity. Time -dependent XAFS analysis showed that the local structure and chemical environment around the Cu atoms continuously evolve during CO2RR for several hours. In particular, cationic Zn species initially present were found to get reduced as the reaction proceeded, leading to the formation of a CuZn alloy (brass). The evolution of the Cu-Zn interaction with time during CO2RR was found to be responsible for the change in the selectivity from CH4 over Cu-ZnO NPs to CO over CuZn alloy NPs. This study highlights the importance of having access to in depth information on the interplay between the different atomic species in bimetallic NP electrocatalysts under operando reaction conditions in order to understand and ultimately tune their reactivity. Doi:10.1021_jacs.9b10709
Single-Atom&&atomic level dispersion&&Scalable Production of Efficient Single-Atom Copper Decorated Carbon Membranes for CO2 Electroreduction to Methanol Electrocatalytic reduction reaction of CO2 (CO2RR) is an effective way to mitigate energy and environmental issues. However, very limited catalysts are capable of converting CO2 resources into high-value products such as hydrocarbons or alcohols. Herein, we first propose a facile strategy for the large-scale synthesis of isolated Cu decorated through-hole carbon nanofibers (CuSAs/TCNFs). This CuSAs/TCNFs membrane has excellent mechanical properties and can be directly used as cathode for CO2RR, which could generate nearly pure methanol with 44% Faradaic efficiency in liquid phase. The self-supporting and through-hole structure of CuSAs/TCNFs greatly reduces the embedded metal atoms and produces abundant efficient Cu single atoms, which could actually participate in CO2RR, eventually causing -93 mA cm (-2 )partial current density for C1 products and more than 50 h stability in aqueous solution. According to DFT calculations, Cu single atoms possess a relatively higher binding energy for *CO intermediate. Therefore, *CO could be further reduced to products like methanol, instead of being easily released from the catalyst surface as CO product. This report may benefit the design of efficient and high-yield single-atom catalysts for other electrocatalytic reactions. Doi:10.1021_jacs.9b04907
the oxide/hydroxide crystals in HQ-Cu and AN-Cu were fragmented into nanosized irregular Cu grains under the applied negative potentials.&&structure control&&Investigating the Origin of Enhanced C2+ Selectivity in Oxide-/Hydroxide-Derived Copper Electrodes during CO2 Electroreduction Oxide-/hydroxide-derived copper electrodes exhibit excellent selectivity toward C2+ products during the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). However, the origin of such enhanced selectivity remains controversial. Here, we prepared two Cu-based electrodes with mixed oxidation states, namely, HQ-Cu (containing Cu, Cu2O, CuO) and AN-Cu (containing Cu, Cu(OH)(2)). We extracted an ultrathin specimen from the electrodes using a focused ion beam to investigate the distribution and evolution of various Cu species by electron microscopy and electron energy loss spectroscopy. We found that at the steady stage of the CO2RR, the electrodes have all been reduced to Cu-0, regardless of the initial states, suggesting that the high C2+ selectivities are not associated with specific oxidation states of Cu. We verified this conclusion by control experiments in which HQ-Cu and AN-Cu were pretreated to fully reduce oxides/hydroxides to Cu-0, and the pretreated electrodes showed even higher C2+ selectivity compared with their unpretreated counterparts. We observed that the oxide/hydroxide crystals in HQ-Cu and AN-Cu were fragmented into nanosized irregular Cu grains under the applied negative potentials. Such a fragmentation process, which is the consequence of an oxidation-reduction cycle and does not occur in electropolished Cu, not only built an intricate network of grain boundaries but also exposed a variety of high-index facets. These two features greatly facilitated the C-C coupling, thus accounting for the enhanced C2+ selectivity. Our work demonstrates that the use of advanced characterization techniques enables investigating the structural and chemical states of electrodes in unprecedented detail to gain new insights into a widely studied system. Doi:10.1021_jacs.9b11790
 copper(II) phthalocyanine&&atomic level dispersion&&Active sites of copper-complex catalytic materials for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction Restructuring-induced catalytic activity is an intriguing phenomenon of fundamental importance to rational design of high-performance catalyst materials. We study three copper-complex materials for electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction. Among them, the copper(II) phthalocyanine exhibits by far the highest activity for yielding methane with a Faradaic efficiency of 66% and a partial current density of 13 mA cm(-2) at the potential of -1.06 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode. Utilizing in-situ and operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy, we find that under the working conditions copper(II) phthalocyanine undergoes reversible structural and oxidation state changes to form similar to 2 nm metallic copper clusters, which catalyzes the carbon dioxide-to-methane conversion. Density functional calculations rationalize the restructuring behavior and attribute the reversibility to the strong divalent metal ion-ligand coordination in the copper(II) phthalocyanine molecular structure and the small size of the generated copper clusters under the reaction conditions. Doi:10.1038_s41467-018-02819-7
copper on copper (I) composite&&composite&&Copper-on-nitride enhances the stable electrosynthesis of multi-carbon products from CO2 Copper-based materials are promising electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction. Prior studies show that the mixture of copper (I) and copper (0) at the catalyst surface enhances multi-carbon products from CO2 reduction; however, the stable presence of copper (I) remains the subject of debate. Here we report a copper on copper (I) composite that stabilizes copper (I) during CO2 reduction through the use of copper nitride as an underlying copper (I) species. We synthesize a copper-on-nitride catalyst that exhibits a Faradaic efficiency of 64 +/- 2% for C2+ products. We achieve a 40-fold enhancement in the ratio of C2+ to the competing CH4 compared to the case of pure copper. We further show that the copper-on-nitride catalyst performs stable CO2 reduction over 30 h. Mechanistic studies suggest that the use of copper nitride contributes to reducing the CO dimerization energy barrier-a rate-limiting step in CO2 reduction to multi-carbon products. Doi:10.1038_s41467-018-06311-0
 The origin of the synergistic effect and the nature of the active phase&&composite&&Microfabricated electrodes unravel the role of interfaces in multicomponent copper-based CO2 reduction catalysts The emergence of synergistic effects in multicomponent catalysts can result in breakthrough advances in the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide. Copper-indium catalysts show high performance toward carbon monoxide production but also extensive structural and compositional changes under operation. The origin of the synergistic effect and the nature of the active phase are not well understood, thus hindering optimization efforts. Here we develop a platform that sheds light into these aspects, based on microfabricated model electrodes that are evaluated under conventional experimental conditions. The relationship among the electrode performance, geometry and composition associates the high carbon monoxide evolution activity of copper-indium catalysts to indium-poor bimetallic phases, which are formed upon exposure to reaction conditions in the vicinity of the interfaces between copper oxide and an indium source. The exploratory extension of this approach to the copper-tin system demonstrates its versatility and potential for the study of complex multicomponent electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1038_s41467-018-03980-9
heterostructure &&structure control&&Phase and structure engineering of copper tin heterostructures for efficient electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction While engineering the phase and structure of electrocatalysts could regulate the performance of many typical electrochemical processes, its importance to the carbon dioxide electroreduction has been largely unexplored. Herein, a series of phase and structure engineered copper-tin dioxide catalysts have been created and thoroughly exploited for the carbon dioxide electroreduction to correlate performance with their unique structures and phases. The copper oxide/hollow tin dioxide heterostructure catalyst exhibits promising performance, which can tune the products from carbon monoxide to formic acid at high faradaic efficiency by simply changing the electrolysis potentials from -0.7 V-RHE to -1.0 V-RHE. The excellent performance is attributed to the abundant copper/tin dioxide interfaces involved in the copper oxide/hollow tin dioxide heterostructure during the electrochemical process, decreasing the reaction free-energies for the formation of COOH* species. Our work reported herein emphasizes the importance of phase and structure modulating of catalysts for enhancing electrochemical CO2 reduction and beyond. Doi:10.1038_s41467-018-07419-z
The copper and selenium in the catalysts cooperate very well for the formation of methanol.&&structure control&&Selective electroreduction of carbon dioxide to methanol on copper selenide nanocatalysts Production of methanol from electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide is very attractive. However, achieving high Faradaic efficiency with high current density using facile prepared catalysts remains to be a challenge. Herein we report that copper selenide nanocatalysts have outstanding performance for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to methanol, and the current density can be as high as 41.5 mA cm(-2) with a Faradaic efficiency of 77.6% at a low overpotential of 285 mV. The copper and selenium in the catalysts cooperate very well for the formation of methanol. The current density is higher than those reported up to date with very high Faradaic efficiency for producing methanol. As far as we know, this is the first work for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide using copper selenide as the catalyst. Doi:10.1038_s41467-019-08653-9
 3D dendritic copper-cuprous oxide composite &&structure control&&Carbon dioxide electroreduction to C-2 products over copper-cuprous oxide derived from electrosynthesized copper complex Efficient electroreduction of carbon dioxide to multicarbon products in aqueous solution is of great importance and challenging. Unfortunately, the low efficiency of the production of C-2 products limits implementation at scale. Here, we report reduction of carbon dioxide to C-2 products (acetic acid and ethanol) over a 3D dendritic copper-cuprous oxide composite fabricated by in situ reduction of an electrodeposited copper complex. In potassium chloride aqueous electrolyte, the applied potential was as low as -0.4 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode, the overpotential is only 0.53 V (for acetic acid) and 0.48 V (for ethanol) with high C-2 Faradaic efficiency of 80% and a current density of 11.5 mA cm(-2). The outstanding performance of the electrode for producing the C-2 products results mainly from near zero contacting resistance between the electrocatalysts and copper substrate, abundant exposed active sites in the 3D dendritic structure and suitable copper(I)/copper(0) ratio of the electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1038_s41467-019-11599-7
single copper atoms&&atomic level dispersion&&Selective electroreduction of CO2 to acetone by single copper atoms anchored on N-doped porous carbon Efficient electroreduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products is a challenging reaction because of the high energy barriers for CO2 activation and C-C coupling, which can be tuned by designing the metal centers and coordination environments of catalysts. Here, we design single atom copper encapsulated on N-doped porous carbon (Cu-SA/NPC) catalysts for reducing CO2 to multi-carbon products. Acetone is identified as the major product with a Faradaic efficiency of 36.7% and a production rate of 336.1 mu gh(-1). Density functional theory (DFT) calculations reveal that the coordination of Cu with four pyrrole-N atoms is the main active site and reduces the reaction free energies required for CO2 activation and C-C coupling. The energetically favorable pathways for CH3COCH3 production from CO2 reduction are proposed and the origin of selective acetone formation on Cu-SA/NPC is clarified. This work provides insight into the rational design of efficient electrocatalysts for reducing CO2 to multi-carbon products. Efficient electroreduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products is challenging. Here, the single atom Cu encapsulated on N-doped porous carbon catalysts are designed for reducing CO2 to acetone at low overpotentials and the active sites are identified as Cu coordination with four pyrrole-N atoms. Doi:10.1038_s41467-020-16381-8
 a Cu catalyst with a high density of defect sites &&defect&&A scalable method for preparing Cu electrocatalysts that convert CO2 into C2+ products Development of efficient catalysts for selective electroreduction of CO2 to high-value products is essential for the deployment of carbon utilization technologies. Here we present a scalable method for preparing Cu electrocatalysts that favor CO2 conversion to C2+ products with faradaic efficiencies up to 72%. Grazing-incidence X-ray diffraction data confirms that anodic halogenation of electropolished Cu foils in aqueous solutions of KCl, KBr, or KI creates surfaces of CuCl, CuBr, or CuI, respectively. Scanning electron microscopy and energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy studies show that significant changes to the morphology of Cu occur during anodic halogenation and subsequent oxide-formation and reduction, resulting in catalysts with a high density of defect sites but relatively low roughness. This work shows that efficient conversion of CO2 to C2+ products requires a Cu catalyst with a high density of defect sites that promote adsorption of carbon intermediates and C-C coupling reactions while minimizing roughness. Doi:10.1038_s41467-020-16998-9
N,O-coordinated Cu single-atom catalysts&&atomic level dispersion&&Insights on forming N,O-coordinated Cu single-atom catalysts for electrochemical reduction CO2 to methane Single-atom catalysts (SACs) are promising candidates to catalyze electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) due to maximized atomic utilization. However, products are usually limited to CO instead of hydrocarbons or oxygenates due to unfavorable high energy barrier for further electron transfer on synthesized single atom catalytic sites. Here we report a novel partial-carbonization strategy to modify the electronic structures of center atoms on SACs for lowering the overall endothermic energy of key intermediates. A carbon-dots-based SAC margined with unique CuN2O2 sites was synthesized for the first time. The introduction of oxygen ligands brings remarkably high Faradaic efficiency (78%) and selectivity (99% of ECR products) for electrochemical converting CO2 to CH4 with current density of 40mA.cm(-2) in aqueous electrolytes, surpassing most reported SACs which stop at two-electron reduction. Theoretical calculations further revealed that the high selectivity and activity on CuN2O2 active sites are due to the proper elevated CH4 and H-2 energy barrier and fine-tuned electronic structure of Cu active sites. Single-atom catalysts (SACs) are promising candidates to catalyze CO2 reduction for the formation of high value hydrocarbons but most of the reactions yield CO. Here, the authors show a low-temperature calcining process to fabricate a carbon-dots-based SAC to efficiently convert CO2 to methane. Doi:10.1038_s41467-020-20769-x
alloys&&alloy&&Isolated copper-tin atomic interfaces tuning electrocatalytic CO2 conversion Direct experimental observations of the interface structure can provide vital insights into heterogeneous catalysis. Examples of interface design based on single atom and surface science are, however, extremely rare. Here, we report Cu-Sn single-atom surface alloys, where isolated Sn sites with high surface densities (up to 8%) are anchored on the Cu host, for efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction. The unique geometric and electronic structure of the Cu-Sn surface alloys (Cu97Sn3 and Cu99Sn1) enables distinct catalytic selectivity from pure Cu-100 and Cu70Sn30 bulk alloy. The Cu97Sn3 catalyst achieves a CO Faradaic efficiency of 98% at a tiny overpotential of 30mV in an alkaline flow cell, where a high CO current density of 100mAcm(-2) is obtained at an overpotential of 340mV. Density functional theory simulation reveals that it is not only the elemental composition that dictates the electrocatalytic reactivity of Cu-Sn alloys; the local coordination environment of atomically dispersed, isolated Cu-Sn bonding plays the most critical role. The understanding of catalytic reactions at the atomic interface is vital; however, the characterization and mechanism studies of atomically dispersed catalysts remain challenging. Here, the authors demonstrate Cu-Sn surface alloys with isolated Sn atoms on a Cu host to achieve efficient CO2 to CO conversion. Doi:10.1038_s41467-021-21750-y
Low coordination number copper catalysts&&atomic level dispersion&&Low coordination number copper catalysts for electrochemical CO2 methanation in a membrane electrode assembly The electrochemical conversion of CO2 to methane provides a means to store intermittent renewable electricity in the form of a carbon-neutral hydrocarbon fuel that benefits from an established global distribution network. The stability and selectivity of reported approaches reside below technoeconomic-related requirements. Membrane electrode assembly-based reactors offer a known path to stability; however, highly alkaline conditions on the cathode favour C-C coupling and multi-carbon products. In computational studies herein, we find that copper in a low coordination number favours methane even under highly alkaline conditions. Experimentally, we develop a carbon nanoparticle moderator strategy that confines a copper-complex catalyst when employed in a membrane electrode assembly. In-situ XAS measurements confirm that increased carbon nanoparticle loadings can reduce the metallic copper coordination number. At a copper coordination number of 4.2 we demonstrate a CO2-to-methane selectivity of 62%, a methane partial current density of 136mAcm(-2), and>110hours of stable operation. Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide to methane can store intermittent renewable electricity in a staple of global energy. Here, the authors develop a moderator strategy to maintain the catalyst in a low coordination state, thereby enabling stable and selective electrochemical methanation. Doi:10.1038_s41467-021-23065-4
the authors address this issue by using copper nanoparticles protected by self-formed quasi graphitic carbon shell for stable CO2 to C2H4 conversion.&&composite&&Quasi-graphitic carbon shell-induced Cu confinement promotes electrocatalytic CO2 reduction toward C2+ products For steady electroconversion to value-added chemical products with high efficiency, electrocatalyst reconstruction during electrochemical reactions is a critical issue in catalyst design strategies. Here, we report a reconstruction-immunized catalyst system in which Cu nanoparticles are protected by a quasi-graphitic C shell. This C shell epitaxially grew on Cu with quasi-graphitic bonding via a gas-solid reaction governed by the CO (g) - CO2 (g) - C (s) equilibrium. The quasi-graphitic C shell-coated Cu was stable during the CO2 reduction reaction and provided a platform for rational material design. C2+ product selectivity could be additionally improved by doping p-block elements. These elements modulated the electronic structure of the Cu surface and its binding properties, which can affect the intermediate binding and CO dimerization barrier. B-modified Cu attained a 68.1% Faradaic efficiency for C2H4 at -0.55V (vs RHE) and a C2H4 cathodic power conversion efficiency of 44.0%. In the case of N-modified Cu, an improved C2+ selectivity of 82.3% at a partial current density of 329.2mA/cm(2) was acquired. Quasi-graphitic C shells, which enable surface stabilization and inner element doping, can realize stable CO2-to-C2H4 conversion over 180h and allow practical application of electrocatalysts for renewable energy conversion. Surface reconstruction of electrocatalysts is an important issue for electroconversion of carbon dioxide to value-added chemical products. Here the authors address this issue by using copper nanoparticles protected by self-formed quasi graphitic carbon shell for stable CO2 to C2H4 conversion. Doi:10.1038_s41467-021-24105-9
Cu(100)-rich thin film electrodes&&structure control&&Efficient CO2 electroreduction on facet-selective copper films with high conversion rate Regulation of Cu facets to promote electrocatalytic CO2 reduction is interesting and challenging. Here the authors describe a deposition-etch-bombardment synthetic approach to prepare Cu(100)-rich thin film electrodes for CO2 electroreduction with over 50% ethylene Faradaic efficiency at a total current of 12 A. Tuning the facet exposure of Cu could promote the multi-carbon (C2+) products formation in electrocatalytic CO2 reduction. Here we report the design and realization of a dynamic deposition-etch-bombardment method for Cu(100) facets control without using capping agents and polymer binders. The synthesized Cu(100)-rich films lead to a high Faradaic efficiency of 86.5% and a full-cell electricity conversion efficiency of 36.5% towards C2+ products in a flow cell. By further scaling up the electrode into a 25 cm(2) membrane electrode assembly system, the overall current can ramp up to 12 A while achieving a single-pass yield of 13.2% for C2+ products. An insight into the influence of Cu facets exposure on intermediates is provided by in situ spectroscopic methods supported by theoretical calculations. The collected information will enable the precise design of CO2 reduction reactions to obtain desired products, a step towards future industrial CO2 refineries. Doi:10.1038_s41467-021-26053-w
defects &&defect&&The role of in situ generated morphological motifs and Cu(i) species in C2+ product selectivity during CO2 pulsed electroreduction Carbon dioxide can be reduced electrocatalytically to fuels using copper catalysts, but the key features that determine the selectivity of these materials to specific products remains uncertain. Here Aran-Ais et al. use in situ methods to explore the influence of morphology and oxidation state on the performance of copper catalysts. The efficient electrochemical conversion of CO2 provides a route to fuels and feedstocks. Copper catalysts are well-known to be selective to multicarbon products, although the role played by the surface architecture and the presence of oxides is not fully understood. Here we report improved efficiency towards ethanol by tuning the morphology and oxidation state of the copper catalysts through pulsed CO2 electrolysis. We establish a correlation between the enhanced production of C2+ products (76% ethylene, ethanol and n-propanol at -1.0 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode) and the presence of (100) terraces, Cu2O and defects on Cu(100). We monitored the evolution of the catalyst morphology by analysis of cyclic voltammetry curves and ex situ atomic force microscopy data, whereas the chemical state of the surface was examined via quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. We show that the continuous regeneration of defects and Cu(i) species synergistically favours C-C coupling pathways. Doi:10.1038_s41560-020-0594-9
Copper atom-pair catalyst&&atomic level dispersion&&Copper atom-pair catalyst anchored on alloy nanowires for selective and efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 The electrochemical reduction of CO2 could play an important role in addressing climate-change issues and global energy demands as part of a carbon-neutral energy cycle. Single-atom catalysts can display outstanding electrocatalytic performance; however, given their single-site nature they are usually only amenable to reactions that involve single molecules. For processes that involve multiple molecules, improved catalytic properties could be achieved through the development of atomically dispersed catalysts with higher complexities. Here we report a catalyst that features two adjacent copper atoms, which we call an 'atom-pair catalyst', that work together to carry out the critical bimolecular step in CO2 reduction. The atom-pair catalyst features stable Cu-1(0)-Cu-1(x+) pair structures, with Cu-1(x+) adsorbing H2O and the neighbouring Cu-1(0) adsorbing CO2, which thereby promotes CO2 activation. This results in a Faradaic efficiency for CO generation above 92%, with the competing hydrogen evolution reaction almost completely suppressed. Experimental characterization and density functional theory revealed that the adsorption configuration reduces the activation energy, which generates high selectivity, activity and stability under relatively low potentials. Doi:10.1038_s41557-018-0201-x
metallic clusters&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly selective electrocatalytic CO(2)reduction to ethanol by metallic clusters dynamically formed from atomically dispersed copper Direct electrochemical conversion of CO(2)to ethanol offers a promising strategy to lower CO(2)emissions while storing energy from renewable electricity. However, current electrocatalysts offer only limited selectivity toward ethanol. Here we report a carbon-supported copper (Cu) catalyst, synthesized by an amalgamated Cu-Li method, that achieves a single-product Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 91% at -0.7 V (versus the reversible hydrogen electrode) and onset potential as low as -0.4 V (reversible hydrogen electrode) for electrocatalytic CO2-to-ethanol conversion. The catalyst operated stably over 16 h. The FE of ethanol was highly sensitive to the initial dispersion of Cu atoms and decreased significantly when CuO and large Cu clusters become predominant species. Operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy identified a reversible transformation from atomically dispersed Cu atoms to Cu(n)clusters (n = 3 and 4) on application of electrochemical conditions. First-principles calculations further elucidate the possible catalytic mechanism of CO(2)reduction over Cu-n. Electrocatalytically reducing CO(2)to ethanol can provide renewably generated fuel, but catalysts are often poorly selective for this conversion. Here the authors use a Cu catalyst to produce ethanol with high selectivity. Cu dispersion is key to the performance and operando studies indicate that it changes under reaction conditions. Doi:10.1038_s41560-020-0666-x
unique nanocomposite consisting of Cu nanoparticles (NPs) and reduced graphene oxide (rGO) supported on a Cu substrate&&structure control&&Unique copper and reduced graphene oxide nanocomposite toward the efficient electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to useful chemicals and fuels has garnered a keen and broad interest. Herein, we report a unique nanocomposite consisting of Cu nanoparticles (NPs) and reduced graphene oxide (rGO) supported on a Cu substrate with a high catalytic activity for CO2 reduction. The nanocomposite was optimized in terms of the composition of Cu NPs and rGO as well as the overall amount. A gas chromatograph was employed to analyze the gaseous products, whereas a chemical oxygen demand (COD) method was proposed and utilized to quantify the overall liquid products. The optimized nanocomposite could effectively reduce CO2 to CO, HCOOH and CH4 with a Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 76.6% at -0.4 V (vs. RHE) in a CO2 saturated NaHCO3 solution. The remarkable catalytic activity, high FE, and excellent stability make this Cu-rGO nanocomposite promising for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to value-added products to address the pressing environmental and energy challenges. Doi:10.1038_s41598-017-03601-3
our 100-cycled Cu nanocube catalyst with exposed (100) facets&&structure control&&Metal ion cycling of Cu foil for selective C-C coupling in electrochemical CO2 reduction Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to higher-value hydrocarbons beyond C-1 products is desirable for applications in energy storage, transportation and the chemical industry. Cu catalysts have shown the potential to catalyse C-C coupling for C2+ products, but still suffer from low selectivity in water. Here, we use density functional theory to determine the energetics of the initial C-C coupling steps on different Cu facets in CO2 reduction, and suggest that the Cu(100) and stepped (211) facets favour C2+ product formation over Cu(111). To demonstrate this, we report the tuning of facet exposure on Cu foil through the metal ion battery cycling method. Compared with the polished Cu foil, our 100-cycled Cu nanocube catalyst with exposed (100) facets presents a sixfold improvement in C2+ to C-1 product ratio, with a highest C2+ Faradaic efficiency of over 60% and H-2 below 20%, and a corresponding C2+ current of more than 40 mA cm(-2). Doi:10.1038_s41929-017-0009-x
The bimetallic Au/Cu electrocatalyst exhibits synergistic activity and selectivity superior to gold, copper or AuCu alloys&&composite&&Improved CO2 reduction activity towards C2+ alcohols on a tandem gold on copper electrocatalyst The discovery of materials for the electrochemical transformation of carbon dioxide into liquid fuels has the potential to impact large-scale storage of renewable energies and reduce carbon emissions. Here, we report the discovery of an electrocatalyst composed of gold nanoparticles on a polycrystalline copper foil (Au/Cu) that is highly active for CO2 reduction to alcohols. At low overpotentials, the Au/Cu electrocatalyst is over 100 times more selective for the formation of products containing C-C bonds versus methane or methanol, largely favouring the generation of alcohols over hydrocarbons. A combination of electrochemical testing and transport modelling supports the hypothesis that CO2 reduction on gold generates a high CO concentration on nearby copper, where CO is further reduced to alcohols such as ethanol and n-propanol under locally alkaline conditions. The bimetallic Au/Cu electrocatalyst exhibits synergistic activity and selectivity superior to gold, copper or AuCu alloys, and opens new possibilities for the development of CO2 reduction electrodes exploiting tandem catalysis mechanisms. Doi:10.1038_s41929-018-0139-9
three different types of active sites for C-C coupled products&&structure control&&Evidence for product-specific active sites on oxide-derived Cu catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction Carbon dioxide electroreduction in aqueous media using Cu catalysts can generate many different C-2 and C-3 products, which leads to the question whether all products are generated from the same types of active sites or if product-specific active sites are responsible for certain products. Here, by reducing mixtures of (CO)-C-13 and (CO2)-C-12, we show that oxide-derived Cu catalysts have three different types of active sites for C-C coupled products, one that produces ethanol and acetate, another that produces ethylene and yet another that produces 1-propanol. In contrast, we do not find evidence of product-specific sites on polycrystalline Cu and oriented (100) and (111) Cu surfaces. Analysis of the isotopic composition of the products leads to the prediction that the adsorption energy of *COOH (the product of the first step of CO2 reduction) may be a descriptor for the product selectivity of a given active site. These new insights should enable highly selective catalysts to be developed. Doi:10.1038_s41929-018-0201-7
nanowires with rich surface steps&&structure control&&Highly active and stable stepped Cu surface for enhanced electrochemical CO2 reduction to C2H4 Electrochemical CO(2)reduction to value-added chemical feedstocks is of considerable interest for renewable energy storage and renewable source generation while mitigating CO2 emissions from human activity. Copper represents an effective catalyst in reducing CO2 to hydrocarbons or oxygenates, but it is often plagued by a low product selectivity and limited long-term stability. Here we report that copper nanowires with rich surface steps exhibit a remarkably high Faradaic efficiency for C2H4 that can be maintained for over 200 hours. Computational studies reveal that these steps are thermodynamically favoured compared with Cu(100) surface under the operating conditions and the stepped surface favours C-2 products by suppressing the C-1 pathway and hydrogen production. Doi:10.1038_s41929-020-00504-x
Cu-Pt nanocrystal &&alloy&&Composition dependent activity of Cu-Pt nanocrystals for electrochemical reduction of CO2 The Cu-Pt nanocrystal (NC) samples with concisely controlled atomic ratios (Cu : Pt) are prepared by a facile strategy. We demonstrate that Cu-Pt (3 : 1) NCs exhibit the highest activity and faradaic efficiency in the CO2 electroreduction reaction among all the as-prepared samples. Doi:10.1039_c4cc08175g
a metal oxide structure with oxygen vacant sites &&defect&&Insights into an autonomously formed oxygen-evacuated Cu2O electrode for the selective production of C2H4 from CO2 Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to small organic fuels (e.g. formate, methanol, ethylene, ethanol) is touted as one of the most promising approaches for solving the problems of climate change and energy security. In this study, we report the highly efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 using cuprous oxide (Cu2O) electrodes to produce ethylene (C2H4) primarily. During CO2 electrolysis using electrodeposited Cu2O on a carbon electrode, we observe the transformation of a compact metal oxide layer to a metal oxide structure with oxygen vacant sites at the bulk region. In contrast to previous studies, our results clearly indicate that Cu2O remains at the surface of the catalyst and it efficiently catalyzes the conversion process of CO2 at low overpotential, exhibiting a high selective faradaic efficiency of over 20% towards C2H4 formation even in long-term electrolysis. Doi:10.1039_c4cp03172e
thin Cu2O films&&structure control&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction on Cu2O-derived copper nanoparticles: controlling the catalytic selectivity of hydrocarbons The catalytic activity and hydrocarbon selectivity in electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction on cuprous oxide (Cu2O) derived copper nanoparticles is discussed. Cuprous oxide films with [100], [110] and [111] orientation and variable thickness were electrodeposited by reduction of copper(II) lactate on commercially available copper plates. After initiation of the electrochemical CO2 reduction by these oxide structures, the selectivity of the process was found to largely depend on the parent Cu2O film thickness, rather than on the initial crystal orientation. Starting with thin Cu2O films, besides CO and hydrogen, selective formation of ethylene is observed with very high ethylene-to-methane ratios (similar to 8 to 12). In addition to these products, thicker Cu2O films yield a remarkably large amount of ethane. Long term Faradaic efficiency analysis of hydrocarbons shows no sign of deactivation of the electrodes after 5 hours of continuous experiment. Online mass spectroscopy studies combined with X-ray diffraction data suggest the reduction of the Cu2O films in the presence of CO2, generating a nanoparticulate Cu morphology, prior to the production of hydrogen, CO, and hydrocarbons. Optimizing coverage, number density and size of the copper nanoparticles, as well as local surface pH, may allow highly selective formation of the industrially important product ethylene. Doi:10.1039_c4cp01520g
thicker Cu2O films&&structure control&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction on Cu2O-derived copper nanoparticles: controlling the catalytic selectivity of hydrocarbons The catalytic activity and hydrocarbon selectivity in electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction on cuprous oxide (Cu2O) derived copper nanoparticles is discussed. Cuprous oxide films with [100], [110] and [111] orientation and variable thickness were electrodeposited by reduction of copper(II) lactate on commercially available copper plates. After initiation of the electrochemical CO2 reduction by these oxide structures, the selectivity of the process was found to largely depend on the parent Cu2O film thickness, rather than on the initial crystal orientation. Starting with thin Cu2O films, besides CO and hydrogen, selective formation of ethylene is observed with very high ethylene-to-methane ratios (similar to 8 to 12). In addition to these products, thicker Cu2O films yield a remarkably large amount of ethane. Long term Faradaic efficiency analysis of hydrocarbons shows no sign of deactivation of the electrodes after 5 hours of continuous experiment. Online mass spectroscopy studies combined with X-ray diffraction data suggest the reduction of the Cu2O films in the presence of CO2, generating a nanoparticulate Cu morphology, prior to the production of hydrogen, CO, and hydrocarbons. Optimizing coverage, number density and size of the copper nanoparticles, as well as local surface pH, may allow highly selective formation of the industrially important product ethylene. Doi:10.1039_c4cp01520g
The specific morphology was demonstrated to be more electrocatalytically active than others by multiple methods.&&structure control&&Morphology-controlled CuO nanoparticles for electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol CuO nanoparticles with five morphologies were synthesized in large quantities using a simple method. They were in situ reduced to metallic Cu for the electroreduction of CO2. Alcohols with excellent selectivity for ethanol were obtained. The specific morphology was demonstrated to be more electrocatalytically active than others by multiple methods. Doi:10.1039_c4ra05415f
the presence of both (100)(Cu) facets and atomic steps in the Cu mesocrystals&&structure control&&Stable and selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene on copper mesocrystals Stable and selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene was achieved using copper mesocrystal catalysts in 0.1 M KHCO3. The Cu mesocrystal catalysts were facilely derived by the in situ reduction of a thin CuCl film during the first 200 seconds of the CO2 electroreduction process. At -0.99 V vs. RHE, the Faradaic efficiency of ethylene formation using these Cu mesocrystals was similar to 18x larger than that of methane and forms up to 81% of the total carbonaceous products. Control CO2 reduction experiments show that this selectivity towards C2H4 formation could not be replicated by using regular copper nanoparticles formed by pulse electrodeposition. High resolution transmission electron microscopy reveals the presence of both (100)(Cu) facets and atomic steps in the Cu mesocrystals which we assign as active sites in catalyzing the reduction of CO2 to C2H4. CO adsorption measurements suggest that the remarkable C2H4 selectivity could be attributed to the greater propensity of CO adsorption on Cu mesocrystals than on other types of Cu surfaces. The Cu mesocrystals remained active and selective towards C2H4 formation for longer than six hours. This is an important and industrially relevant feature missing from many reported Cu-based CO2 reduction catalysts. Doi:10.1039_c4cy00906a
 the organic ligand of the Cu precursor remains part of the composite material &&atomic level dispersion&&From molecular copper complexes to composite electrocatalytic materials for selective reduction of CO2 to formic acid The development of new energy storage technologies is central to solving the challenges facing the widespread use of renewable energies. An option is the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) into carbon-based products which can be achieved within an electrochemical cell. Future developments of such processes depend on the availability of cheap and selective catalysts at the electrode. Here we show that a unique well-characterized active electrode material can be simply prepared via electrodeposition from a molecular copper complex precursor. The best performances, namely activity (150 mV onset overpotential and 1 mA cm (2) current density at 540 mV overpotential), selectivity (90% faradaic yield) and stability for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 into formic acid in DMF/H2O ( 97 : 3 v/v) have been obtained with the [Cu(cyclam)](ClO4)(2) complex (cyclam = 1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane) as the precursor. Remarkably the organic ligand of the Cu precursor remains part of the composite material and the electrocatalytic activity is greatly dependent on the nature of that organic component. Doi:10.1039_c4ta07022d
The improved faradaic efficiency for the reduction of CO2 to CO is ascribed to the enhanced stabilization for the CO2 center dot- intermediate on the high surface area Cu nanowire arrays.&&structure control&&Selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO on CuO-derived Cu nanowires In this work, we report a new synthesis method to prepare a Cu nanowire electrocatalyst for selective CO2 reduction at room temperature and atmospheric pressure. Cu nanowire array electrodes were prepared through a two-step synthesis of Cu(OH)(2) and CuO nanowire arrays on Cu foil substrates and a subsequent electrochemical reduction of the CuO nanowire arrays. The Cu nanowire arrays are able to electrochemically reduce CO2 to CO with a faradaic efficiency of similar to 50% at a moderate overpotential of 490 mV, which is significantly higher than that of polycrystalline Cu foil catalysts at identical conditions. The improved faradaic efficiency for the reduction of CO2 to CO is ascribed to the enhanced stabilization for the CO2 center dot- intermediate on the high surface area Cu nanowire arrays. Doi:10.1039_c5cp03559g
the enhanced catalytic activities were primarily attributable to the increased (111) facet&&structure control&&Hierarchical Cu pillar electrodes for electrochemical CO2 reduction to formic acid with low overpotential To achieve high performance of electrochemical CO2 reduction, a series of Cu pillar electrodes (Cu-2.5 h, Cu-5 h) were fabricated by using an electrodeposition method, and then their catalytic activities and reaction mechanisms were investigated. The series of Cu pillar electrodes exhibited improved electrocatalytic activities toward CO2 reduction to formic acid (HCOOH) as Cu pillars on electrodes developed. The Cu-5 h electrode performed well with a 28% Faradaic efficiency for formic acid at -0.5 V (vs. RHE). X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis indicated that the enhanced catalytic activities were primarily attributable to the increased (111) facet, which is energetically favourable for the production of HCOOH. Also, ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS) and in situ electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) results suggested that the series of Cu pillar structure electrodes improved the electron transfer to adsorbed CO2 due to the decreased work function of the Cu pillar structure. Doi:10.1039_c5cp07964k
penta-twinned Cu nanowires&&structure control&&Overpotential for CO2 electroreduction lowered on strained penta-twinned Cu nanowires Based on first-principles calculations, we predict that penta-twinned Cu nanowires (NWs) are superior to conventional Cu catalysts for CO2 electroreduction. The penta-twinned NWs possess a combination of ultrahigh mechanical strength, large surface-to-volume ratios and an abundance of undercoordinated adsorption sites, all desirable for CO2 electroreduction. In particular, we show that the penta-twinned Cu NWs can withstand elastic strains orders of magnitude higher than their conventional counterpart, and as a result their CO2 electroreduction activities can be significantly enhanced by elastic tensile strains. With a moderate tensile strain, the bias potential for methane production at a decent current density (2 mA cm(-2)) can be reduced by 50%. On the other hand, the competing hydrogen evolution reaction can be suppressed by the tensile strains. The presence of H at the NW surface is found to have a minor effect on CO2 electroreduction. Finally, we propose to use graphene as a substrate to stretch deposited Cu NWs. Doi:10.1039_c5sc02667a
The Au cubic nanoparticles with 7-8 layers of Cu&&structure control&&Enhanced electrocatalytic activity of Au@Cu core@shell nanoparticles towards CO2 reduction The development of technologies for the recycling of carbon dioxide into carbon-containing fuels is one of the major challenges in sustainable energy research. Two of the main current limitations are the poor efficiency and fast deactivation of catalysts. Core-shell nanoparticles are promising candidates for enhancing challenging reactions. In this work, Au@Cu core-shell nanoparticles with well-defined surface structures were synthesized and evaluated as catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide in neutral medium. The activation potential, the product distribution and the long term durability of this catalyst were assessed by electrochemical methods, on-line electrochemical mass spectrometry (OLEMS) and on-line high performance liquid chromatography. Our results show that the catalytic activity and the selectivity can be tweaked as a function of the thickness of Cu shells. We have observed that the Au cubic nanoparticles with 7-8 layers of copper present higher selectivity towards the formation of hydrogen and ethylene; on the other hand, we observed that Au cubic nanoparticles with more than 14 layers of Cu are more selective towards the formation of hydrogen and methane. A trend in the formation of the gaseous products can be also drawn. The H-2 and CH4 formation increases with the number of Cu layers, while the formation of ethylene decreases. Formic acid was the only liquid species detected during CO2 reduction. Similar to the gaseous species, the formation of formic acid is strongly dependent on the number of Cu layers on the core@shell nanoparticles. The Au cubic nanoparticles with 7-8 layers of Cu showed the largest conversion of CO2 to formic acid at potentials higher than 0.8 V vs. RHE. The observed trends in reactivity and selectivity are linked to the catalyst composition, surface structure and strain/electronic effects. Doi:10.1039_c5ta06804e
alloy &&alloy&&Generation of Cu-In alloy surfaces from CuInO2 as selective catalytic sites for CO2 electroreduction The lack of availability of efficient, selective and stable electrocatalysts is a major hindrance for scalable CO2 reduction processes. Herein, we report the generation of Cu-In alloy surfaces for electrochemical reduction of CO2 from mixed metal oxides of CuInO2 as the starting material. The material successfully generates selective active sites to form CO from CO2 electroreduction at mild overpotentials. Density functional theory (DFT) indicates that the site occupation of the inert In occurs more on the specific sites of Cu. In addition, while In atoms do not preferentially adsorb H or CO, Cu atoms, which neighbor the In atoms, alters the preference of their adsorption. This preference for site occupation and altered adsorption may account for the improved selectivity over that observed for Cu metal. This study demonstrates an example of a scalable synthesis method of bimetallic surfaces utilized with the mixed oxide precursor having the diversity of metal choice, which may drastically alter the electrocatalytic performance, as presented herein. Doi:10.1039_c5ta05669a
alloy&&alloy&&Entrapment of a pyridine derivative within a copper-palladium alloy: a bifunctional catalyst for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to alcohols with excellent selectivity and reusability A novel bifunctional catalyst, [PYD]@Cu-Pd composite, was synthesized for the first time and used as a cathode for electrochemical reduction of CO2. Methanol with 26% and ethanol with 12% Faradaic efficiency were obtained at the same [PYD] @Cu-Pd cathode using different potentials. Under both conditions, the [PYD]@Cu-Pd cathode shows remarkable stability and reusability. Doi:10.1039_c6cy00971a
Copper nanoparticle interspersed MoS2 nanoflowers&&structure control&&Copper nanoparticle interspersed MoS2 nanoflowers with enhanced efficiency for CO2 electrochemical reduction to fuel Electrocatalytic conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) has been considered as an ideal method to simultaneously solve the energy crisis and environmental issue around the world. In this work, ultrasmall Cu nanoparticle interspersed flower-like MoS2 was successfully fabricated via a facile microwave hydrothermal method. The designed optimal hierarchical Cu/MoS2 composite not only exhibited remarkably enhanced electronic conductivity and specific surface area but also possessed improved CO2 adsorption capacity, resulting in a significant increase in overall faradaic efficiency and a 7-fold augmentation of the faradaic efficiency of CH4 in comparison with bare MoS2. In addition, the Cu/MoS2 composite had superior stability with high efficiency retained for 48 h in the electrochemical process. It is anticipated that the designed Cu/MoS2 composite electrocatalyst may provide new insights for transition metal sulfides and non-noble particles applied to CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1039_c6dt04381j
Cu-CDots nanocorals&&structure control&&Cu-CDots nanocorals as electrocatalyst for highly efficient CO2 reduction to formate Electrochemical reduction of CO2 is a key component of many prospective artificial technologies for renewable carbon-containing fuels, but it still suffers from the high overpotentials required to drive the process, low selectivity for diversiform products and the high cost of the catalyst. Here, we report that Cu-CDots nanocorals is a highly efficient, low-cost and stable electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction in aqueous solution. The major product of CO2 reduction on the Cu-CDots nanocorals is HCOOH with an inconceivable low overpotential of 0.13 V and a high Faraday efficiency of 79% at a moderate potential of -0.7 V vs. RHE. In the present system, CDots can increase the adsorption capacity of CO2 molecules and H+, which play important roles in CO2 reduction. The high selectivity of HCOOH for CO2 reduction may be ascribed to that CDots can greatly diminish the HCOOH desorption energy and improve the catalytic selectivity for HCOOH. Furthermore, Cu-CDots nanocorals exhibit a long-term stability during 5 h-electrolysis. Doi:10.1039_c6nr08104e
alloys&&alloy&&Mesoporous palladium-copper bimetallic electrodes for selective electrocatalytic reduction of aqueous CO2 to CO Finding a highly efficient, selective and economic approach for electrochemical reduction of aqueous carbon dioxide is a great challenge in realizing an artificial system for a sustainable carbon cycle. Novel mesoporous palladium-copper bimetallic electrocatalysts with superior activity and high faradaic efficiencies (FEs) are reported for the first time. The mesoporous nanostructure provides a roughened surface which is abundant in active sites and promotes selective conversion of CO2 to CO. First-principles calculations exhibit that Pd atoms on the catalyst surface serve as reactive centers and highly selective CO formation is attributed to the geometric and electronic effects within the palladium-copper bimetallic alloys. The CO2 and COOH* intermediate adsorption ability and the CO desorption ability on Pd atoms are effectively enhanced in the presence of Cu. Our results provide wide ranging implications for further improving the design and preparation of CO2 reduction electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1039_c6ta00487c
Porous dendritic&&structure control&&Porous dendritic copper: an electrocatalyst for highly selective CO2 reduction to formate in water/ionic liquid electrolyte Copper is currently extensively studied because it provides promising electrodes for carbon dioxide electroreduction. The original combination, reported here, of a nanostructured porous dendritic Cubased material, characterized by electron microcopy (SEM, TEM) and X-ray diffraction methods, and a water/ionic liquid mixture as the solvent, contributing to CO2 solubilization and activation, results in a remarkably efficient (large current densities at low overpotentials), stable and selective (large faradic yields) electrocatalytic system for the conversion of CO2 into formic acid, a product with a variety of uses. These results provide new directions for the further improvement of Cu electrodes. Doi:10.1039_c6sc03194c
The hybrid electrode exhibits excellent selectivity, activity and durability at modest overpotentials.&&composite&&Tin nanoparticles decorated copper oxide nanowires for selective electrochemical reduction of aqueous CO2 to CO A low-cost electrocatalyst comprising tin nanoparticles on copper oxide nanowires selectively converts CO2 to CO. A facile and cost-effective surface modification method, electroless deposition, is used to prepare the electrode. The hybrid electrode exhibits excellent selectivity, activity and durability at modest overpotentials. Notably, the CO faradaic efficiency can reach 90% and the CO partial current density approaches 4.5 mA cm(-2) at an overpotential of 690 mV. This is comparable to some noble metal catalysts. Doi:10.1039_c6ta04155h
Ultra-fine &&structure control&&Highly efficient electro-reduction of CO2 to formic acid by nano-copper Ultra-fine copper(II) oxide nanoparticles were used for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to formic acid at high Faradaic efficiencies. The nanoparticles were directly synthesised via continuous hydrothermal flow synthesis (CHFS) process, which used water as a solvent and reagent. The as-prepared nanoparticles were subsequently formulated into Nafion based inks. For the electroreduction of CO2, the influence of Nafion fraction on the Faradaic efficiencies and overpotential (for formic acid production), was explored over a wide potential range. The highest Faradaic efficiency for formic acid production (61%) was observed with a 25 wt% Nafion fraction, at a potential of -1.4 V vs. Ag/AgCl. Some insights into the significant increase in Faradaic efficiency for the production of formic acid with the optimum Nafion content, was elucidated with electrochemical impedance spectroscopy. Doi:10.1039_c6ta04874a
Cu overlayers on tetra-hexahedral Pd nanocrystals with {310} high-index facets&&structure control&&Cu overlayers on tetrahexahedral Pd nanocrystals with high-index facets for CO2 electroreduction to alcohols We investigated CO2 electroreduction on Cu overlayers on tetra-hexahedral Pd nanocrystals with {310} high-index facets, which exhibited a high Faradaic efficiency towards alcohols. The selectivity to ethanol or methanol can be readily tuned by changing the Cu coverage. Doi:10.1039_c7cc04140c
nanostructured &&structure control&&Joint tuning of nanostructured Cu-oxide morphology and local electrolyte programs high-rate CO2 reduction to C2H4 Electrochemical ethylene production rates are enhanced by pushing favourable local electrolyte conditions to occur at higher current densities and lower relative overpotentials. In particular the combined influences of electrode morphology and buffering on electrode pH and CO2 conditions are assessed. Doi:10.1039_c7gc01677h
the combination of composite electrodes and electrolytes &&composite&&Design of a Cu(I)/C-doped boron nitride electrocatalyst for efficient conversion of CO2 into acetic acid Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to C-2 products is a promising technique when compared with the traditionally complicated and energy intensive routes in the industrial process. As an important bulk chemical, it is highly desirable for acetic acid to be produced via a sustainable method. In this work, we prepared N-based Cu(I)/C-doped boron nitride (BN-C) composites for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to acetic acid. It was found that the Faradaic efficiency of acetic acid could reach as high as 80.3% with a current density of 13.9 mA cm(-2) when 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate ([Emim]BF4)-LiI-water solution was used as the electrolyte, which was about 4 times higher than the best value reported in the literature. Detailed studies further indicated that the Cu complex, BN-C, and the electrolyte have an excellent synergistic effect for producing acetic acid. In particular, as a promoter, LiI played a key role in C-C coupling to form acetic acid in the electrocatalytic process. Our study shows a promising way to produce C-2 products via electrochemical reduction of CO2 by the combination of composite electrodes and electrolytes with a promoter. Doi:10.1039_c7gc00503b
nanosheet arrays&&structure control&&Efficient and stable electroreduction of CO2 to CH4 on CuS nanosheet arrays Converting CO2 into value-added hydrocarbon fuels has attracted enormous interest due to the advantage of simultaneously addressing major energy and environmental issues. Here we report on copper sulfide nanosheet arrays supported on nickel foam (CuS@NF) applied as a robust catalyst for CO2 electroreduction. A high faradaic efficiency of 73 +/- 5% and a low Tafel slope of 57 mV dec(-1) for CH4 formation were achieved. Moreover, the CuS nanosheets showed a stable CO2 electroreduction capability up to 60 h. The high performance of CuS@NF for CO2 electroreduction was ascribed to the nanosheet morphology as well as the presence of S species. This work illustrates how to design efficient and stable copper chalcogenide electrocatalysts for generating carbon-based fuels. Doi:10.1039_c7ta05507b
the presence of Au, an electrocatalyst for CO2-to-CO conversion, helps enhance *CO-coverage on Cu, thus promoting the production of multi-carbon products and suppressing hydrogen formation on the CuAu catalys&&composite&&Sequential catalysis enables enhanced C-C coupling towards multi-carbon alkenes and alcohols in carbon dioxide reduction: a study on bifunctional Cu/Au electrocatalysts Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to multi-carbon products such as ethylene, ethanol and n-propanol offers a promising path for utilization of excessive CO2 and energy storage. Oxide-derived Cu electrodes are among the best electrocatalysts for the selective formation of ethylene and ethanol. However, a large fraction of the faradaic current still goes to hydrogen evolution, even at optimal conditions (electrolyte, potential, etc.). Here we employ the concept of sequential catalysis using judiciously designed CuAu bimetallic catalysts through galvanic exchange between Au3+ and Cu2O nanowires. By controlling the concentration of the Au3+ precursor and the exchange time, Au nanoparticles were evenly dispersed onto the Cu2O nanowires. The optimized oxide-derived CuAu catalyst showed remarkable improvement towards the formation of ethylene, ethanol and n-propanol, in terms of faradaic efficiency and current density. Our analysis of the electrochemical formation of carbon monoxide, ethylene and hydrogen suggests that the presence of Au, an electrocatalyst for CO2-to-CO conversion, helps enhance *CO-coverage on Cu, thus promoting the production of multi-carbon products and suppressing hydrogen formation on the CuAu catalyst. We propose promising strategies for designing electrochemical systems, which would enable the selective and scalable reduction of CO2 to ethylene and ethanol. Doi:10.1039_c8fd00219c
Nanoporous&&structure control&&Nanoporous Cu/Ni oxide composites: efficient catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2 in aqueous electrolytes We developed a route to prepare nanoporous Cu/Ni oxide composites. It was discovered that the Cu/Ni oxide composites were very efficient electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction to formate in aqueous electrolytes. The excellent performance resulted mainly from the porous structure, synergistic effect of the two oxides, and low charge transfer resistance. Doi:10.1039_c8gc01552j
higher electrochemical surface area &&structure control&&Metal-organic framework-derived indium-copper bimetallic oxide catalysts for selective aqueous electroreduction of CO2 MOF-derived In-Cu bimetallic oxides are highly efficient electrocatalysts for the transformation of CO2 into CO in an aqueous electrolyte. By controlling In/ Cu ratios, the faradaic efficiency of CO could reach 92.1%. The excellent performance is mainly attributed to stronger CO2 adsorption, higher electrochemical surface area and lower charge transfer resistance. Doi:10.1039_c8gc03261k
The notable catalytic activity suggests that controlling the Cu/Bi molar ratio is a key factor in developing special micro-structure Bi2O3-CuO(x) catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate in aqueous systems.&&structure control&&Controlled synthesis of a Bi2O3-CuO catalyst for selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate The electro-reduction of CO2 to produce energy sources has been considered as a visionary pathway with the help of renewable electricity, which can achieve carbon neutrality and mitigate global warming. Nevertheless, developing a high selectivity, good activity and superior stability catalyst is a big challenge. Here, Bi2O3-CuO(x) bimetallic oxide catalysts were synthesized by a facile coordination-precipitation method with concisely controlled atomic ratios (Cu/Bi). They exhibit a remarkable performance for sufficient reduction of CO2 to formate, achieving a maximum faradaic efficiency of 89.3% at a potential of -1.4 V vs. SCE. The catalysts are shown to be robust during 10 h of uninterrupted electrolysis. The notable catalytic activity suggests that controlling the Cu/Bi molar ratio is a key factor in developing special micro-structure Bi2O3-CuO(x) catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate in aqueous systems. Doi:10.1039_c8nj05205k
hollow Au-Cu nanoparticles&&structure control&&Thin-walled hollow Au-Cu nanostructures with high efficiency in electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO Bimetallic hollow structures can be efficiently used to improve the utilization of noble metals in electrocatalysts, but few studies have reported the application of bimetallic hollow nanocomposites for the electrochemical reduction of CO2. Herein, we demonstrated the synthesis of hollow Au-Cu nanoparticles of size ranging from 50 nm to 100 nm with a wall thickness of 4.95 +/- 0.81 nm for efficient CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) via galvanic replacement and the Kirkendall effect between copper and gold. In the fabrication procedure, a gold precursor was pre-dissolved in TOP to lower the reduction potential of Au3+, which could then be reduced by Cu0. The obtained hollow Au-Cu NPs were then supported on carbon black for CO2RR measurement, and it exhibited a maximum CO FE of 53.3% at -0.7 V (vs. RHE), which was very close to that of Au NP/C, but the gold mass current density of hollow Au-Cu NP/C was much higher. The hollow Au-Cu NP/C also showed good stability in long-time measurements for CO2RR. To find out how the superior catalytic performance was achieved, hollow Au-Cu NP/C was then annealed in O-2 and N-2. It was found that after being annealed, the catalysts almost totally lost the activity towards CO2RR, which may be due to the partial segregation of Cu species on the nanoparticle surface as well as a decrease in the surface defect density with the improvement in crystallinity. Thus, it was concluded that high dispersion of more Au atoms on the nanoparticle surface together with the presence of more surface defect sites could account for the superior CO2RR performance of the as-synthesized hollow Au-Cu NP/C. Doi:10.1039_c8qi00297e
copper(II) paddle wheel cluster&&atomic level dispersion&&Cathodized copper porphyrin metal-organic framework nanosheets for selective formate and acetate production from CO2 electroreduction An efficient and selective Cu catalyst for CO2 electroreduction is highly desirable since current catalysts suffer from poor selectivity towards a series of products, such as alkenes, alcohols, and carboxylic acids. Here, we used copper(II) paddle wheel cluster-based porphyrinic metal-organic framework (MOF) nanosheets for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction and compared them with CuO, Cu2O, Cu, a porphyrin-Cu(II) complex and a CuO/complex composite. Among them, the cathodized Cu-MOF nanosheets exhibit significant activity for formate production with a faradaic efficiency (FE) of 68.4% at a potential of -1.55 V versus Ag/Ag+. Moreover, the C-C coupling product acetate is generated from the same catalyst together with formate at a wide voltage range of -1.40 V to -1.65 V with the total liquid product FE from 38.8% to 85.2%. High selectivity and activity are closely related to the cathodized restructuring of Cu-MOF nanosheets. With the combination of X-ray diffraction, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, we find that Cu(II) carboxylate nodes possibly change to CuO, Cu2O and Cu4O3, which significantly catalyze CO2 to formate and acetate with synergistic enhancement from the porphyrin-Cu(II) complex. This intriguing phenomenon provides a new opportunity for the rational design of high-performance Cu catalysts from pre-designed MOFs. Doi:10.1039_c8sc04344b
We incorporated Cu into Bi nanocrystals to modulate the local electronic environment of Bi atoms&&structure control&&Copper-modulated bismuth nanocrystals alter the formate formation pathway to achieve highly selective CO2 electroreduction We incorporated Cu into Bi nanocrystals to modulate the local electronic environment of Bi atoms, altering the HCOOH formation pathway from COOH* to OCHO* intermediates. Thus, the evolution of by-products CO and H-2 could be suppressed, and the resulting CuBi catalyst exhibits excellent CO2RR performance towards formate formation. Doi:10.1039_c8ta05355c
spiky Cu@Sn nanocones&&structure control&&Sharp Cu@Sn nanocones on Cu foam for highly selective and efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate Electrochemical reduction of aqueous CO2 into formate is subject to poor selectivity and low current density with conventional Sn-based catalysts owing to the inert nature of CO2 molecules and the low number of active sites. Recently, it has been demonstrated that alkali metal cations could greatly enhance selectivity for CO2 reduction by stabilizing the key intermediates, which leads to an effective solution to this problem by concentrating local metal cations through tailoring the catalyst structure. Herein, we synthesized spiky Cu@Sn nanocones over a macroporous Cu foam, which has a curvature radius of 10nm, via facile electrochemical coating of a thin layer of Sn over the Cu nanoconic surface. A faradaic efficiency of 90.4% toward formate production was achieved, with a current density of 57.7 mA cm(-2) at -1.1 V vs. a reversible hydrogen electrode, which far exceeds results achieved to date with state-of-the-art Sn catalysts. The performance should be attributed to the combined effects of a sharp conical feature that facilitates the enrichment of surface-adsorbed metal cations and the promotion of the mass transfer and active sites growth favored by the three-dimensional porous network. Doi:10.1039_c8ta06826g
3D core-shell porous-structured&&structure control&&3D core-shell porous-structured Cu@Sn hybrid electrodes with unprecedented selective CO2-into-formate electroreduction achieving 100% Cu-based catalysts are exceptionally advantageous for the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to fuels and chemical products utilizing clean and renewable energy. However, most tend to yield a diversity of hydrocarbon products along with the H-2 evolution side reaction. We reveal how a 3D core-shell porous-structured Cu@Sn hybrid electrode can lead to an unprecedented selective CO2 electroreduction to HCOO-. Such an advantageous architecture is assembled via an in situ electrodeposition protocol using a dynamic hydrogen bubble template, rendering an enlarged electrode surface area when evaluated as an electrode material for the CO2RR. Notably, the best performing electrode, i.e., Cu@Sn-(1), achieved a reduction current density of 55 mA cm (2) at -1.33 V vs. RHE, and an extremely encouraging Faradaic efficiency of 100% at an applied potential -0.93 V vs. RHE, accompanied by a partial current density of 16.52 mA cm(-2). Moreover, it manifested a remarkably stable operation for over 15 hours of continuous electrolysis in aqueous KHCO3 solution. Numerically solving mass transfer equations and the Butler-Volmer equation show how the optimized presence of granular structured Sn on the surface of Cu was found to be the key for enhancing the HCOO- selectivity and the mass activity. Doi:10.1039_c8ta10650a
Octahedral Cu nanocrystals in the size range of 75-310 nm &&structure control&&Size dependent selectivity of Cu nano-octahedra catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CH4 Octahedral Cu nanocrystals in the size range of 75-310 nm are synthesized and investigated for electrochemical CO2 reduction. The smallest nanocrystals show the best selectivity for CO2, particularly methane, which is explained by geometric effects. Doi:10.1039_c9cc02522g
The catalytic properties of the composite catalysts can be readily tuned by manipulation of the metal oxide composition and interface&&composite&&Synergistic catalysis of CuO/In2O3 composites for highly selective electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO The development of low-cost, selective, and active catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) remains an ongoing challenge. Here, we demonstrate for the first time, efficient ECR by exploiting interaction of CuO and In2O3. The catalytic properties of the composite catalysts can be readily tuned by manipulation of the metal oxide composition and interface, enabling remarkably high CO2-to-CO conversion with a CO faradaic efficiency of about 93.0% at -0.7 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode, outperforming many previously reported metal-based electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1039_c9cc05435a
Cu2O is demonstrated to be persistent on the surface of ODCu&&structure control&&New aspects of C2 selectivity in electrochemical CO2 reduction over oxide-derived copper The electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to yield C2 products is of particular interest in solar-to-fuel conversion schemes. The nanocrystalline oxide derived copper (ODCu) electrodes are specifically attractive due to their high faradaic efficiency towards C2 hydrocarbons like ethylene, ethane, acetate and ethanol. However, the mechanistic understanding of this special selectivity is still an impediment. In this work, ODCu is obtained from Cu2O nanowires and employed for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction, during which ethylene is found to be the major product with a faradaic efficiency of 65% at -0.8 V (vs. RHE). By in situ photoresponse measurement, combined with the ex situ structure and composition analysis, Cu2O is demonstrated to be persistent on the surface of ODCu throughout the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) even at high applied bias (-1.0 V vs. RHE), while Cu2O is not present on the bulk Cu foil. Density functional theory calculations are employed to further investigate the correlation between the surface Cu2O on ODCu and its C2 selectivity performance, which is attributed to the orbital interactions between the persistent oxide and CO2 reduction intermediates. It should be noted that uncovering the active sites is the initial step to understand the surface reaction chemistry in CO2RR; here, we propose that the presence of Cu2O is the key for C2 selectivity during CO2RR in the ODCu system, which may facilitate the development of highly efficient catalysts. Doi:10.1039_c9cp06009j
CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites with different V-O concentrations&&defect&&Selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO on CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites: role of oxygen vacancies Electronic supplementary information (ESI) available: XRD of CuO, HRTEM, EDX and elemental mapping of CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites, SEM/TEM/PL/N-2 adsorption desorption isotherm of CuO nanorods and CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites, EPR of Cu saturation in CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites, electrochemical measurements of In2O3, cyclic voltammetry and chronoamperometry measurements of CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites, post reaction XRD, SEM and PL of CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites. See DOI: ; 10.1039/c9cy01396b Sequestration of carbon dioxide (CO2) through electrocatalytic reduction to produce high-value industrial precursors, such as CO, is a promising avenue for sustainable development. Copper-indium is a non-noble metal catalyst with high activity towards CO production. However, there is a lack of control of parameters which enhance the selective CO production on copper-indium oxide. Here, the role of oxygen vacancy (V-O) defects in the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERC) to selective CO production is reported. CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites with different V-O concentrations were synthesized under different synthesis environments. CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites prepared in an argon environment exhibited higher V-O concentrations as compared to nanocomposites prepared in an air environment. DFT calculations demonstrated that the activation barrier decreases from 0.48 eV to 0.31 eV for the nanocomposite having a higher V-O concentration, thus exhibiting a CO yield with 85% faradaic efficiency at -0.895 V vs. RHE, suggesting that V-O defects serve as the active sites for CO2 adsorption. This study provides a novel route for the enhancement in selective ERC to CO by inducing the optimum concentration of V-O in CuO/In2O3 nanocomposites. Doi:10.1039_c9cy01396b
MOF-derived copper@nitrogen-doped carbon (Cu-NC) catalysts obtained by the calcination of N-containing benzimidazole-modified Cu-BTC (1,3,5-benzenetricarboxylic acid) MOFs (BEN-Cu-BTC) at different temperatures&&structure control&&An MOF-derived copper@nitrogen-doped carbon composite: the synergistic effects of N-types and copper on selective CO2 electroreduction The development of Cu-based complex electrocatalysts can lead to the facile realization of high activity and selectivity for reducing CO2 to multi-carbon hydrocarbons; exploring the synergistic effect between Cu and other materials may help in designing highly efficient catalysts. This paper reports an impact factor for synergistic effects between Cu and nitrogen-doped carbon (NC) supports by comparing CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) performances on MOF-derived copper@nitrogen-doped carbon (Cu-NC) catalysts obtained by the calcination of N-containing benzimidazole-modified Cu-BTC (1,3,5-benzenetricarboxylic acid) MOFs (BEN-Cu-BTC) at different temperatures. Different types of Cu-NC samples show the N species- and content-dependent catalysis for the highly selective electroreduction of CO2 to C-2 products. The characterization and experimental results indicate that the high contents of pyrrolic-N and Cu-N species formed at the annealing temperature of 400 degrees C can facilitate the C-2-product generation on a Cu surface, with the reaction rates and Faradaic efficiencies (FEs) for ethylene and ethanol being r(ethylene) = 5.38 mu mol m(-2) s(-1) (FE = 11.2%) and r(ethanol) = 8.83 mu mol m(-2) s(-1) (FE = 18.4%) at -1.01 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)), respectively. However, excess graphitic-N and oxidized-N on the Cu surface result in considerable H-2 evolution and a rapid decrease in the CO2RR activity. These may occur due to the differences in the adsorption and valence state affecting the Cu-NC interactions. These results indicate that the catalytic activity on MOF-derived Cu-NC catalysts can be controlled by the N-type species that dominates at the corresponding annealing temperature, offering a new tack for designing highly selective complex catalysts since the electrocatalytic performance of the Cu-NC catalysts remains stable over 8 h. Doi:10.1039_c9cy01131e
the large catalytic surface area associated with the porous structure&&structure control&&Formation of lattice-dislocated bismuth nanowires on copper foam for enhanced electrocatalytic CO2 reduction at low overpotential Metallic bismuth (Bi) is an electrocatalyst that promotes CO2 reduction to formate. However, a substantial overpotential is needed to achieve a high formate faradaic efficiency along with a large catalytic current density, and this hinders its practical application. In this work, a facile strategy has been developed to obtain lattice-dislocated Bi nanowires on copper foam (Cu foam@BiNW) through in situ electrochemical transformation of an electroless plated Bi film on copper foam after thermal treatment in air. The Cu foam@BiNW is found to be a highly active electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction to formate at a low overpotential, reaching a faradaic efficiency for formate (FEformate) of 95% and a formate partial current density of approximate to 15 mA cm(-2) at -0.69 V vs. RHE. High FEformate values of above 93% were also maintained over a potential range from -0.69 V to -0.99 V vs. RHE. A Fourier transformed ac voltammetric study revealed that unlike other Bi materials, the rate determining step for CO2 reduction on the Cu foam@BiNW electrode is the reduction of protonated CO2- radical anion, which indicates the presence of new catalytic active sites on the BiNWs. The high CO2 reduction activity of the Cu foam@BiNW electrode is attributed to the high intrinsic activity arising from the presence of crystal lattice dislocations on the twisted Bi nanowires and the large catalytic surface area associated with the porous structure. This work demonstrates the use of crystal defect engineering to improve the efficiency of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction on Bi metal. Doi:10.1039_c9ee00018f
The surface of the intermetallic Cu6Sn5 was found to be covered by SnO2, indicating that a core-shell structured intermetallic compound (i.e., Cu6Sn5 core/SnO2 shell) had formed.&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic conversion of carbon dioxide to formic acid over nanosized Cu6Sn5 intermetallic compounds with a SnO2 shell layer A novel ordered intermetallic compound of carbon-black-supported Cu6Sn5 nanoparticles (Cu6Sn5 NP/CB) in which Cu6Sn5 has a NiAs-type structure was successfully prepared through a wet chemical method using lithium triethylborohydride as a reducing agent. The prepared ordered intermetallic compound was characterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM), and X-ray absorption fine structure spectroscopy (XAFS). The XRD measurements confirm the formation of the NiAs-type ordered intermetallic Cu6Sn5. XPS and STEM-X-ray energy dispersive spectroscopy measurements allowed us to confirm the Cu6Sn5 structure. The surface of the intermetallic Cu6Sn5 was found to be covered by SnO2, indicating that a core-shell structured intermetallic compound (i.e., Cu6Sn5 core/SnO2 shell) had formed. The Cu6Sn5 NP/CB material exhibited a faradaic efficiency of 65.3% at -0.6 V for HCOO- formation via electrochemical CO2 reduction, which is superior to those of the non-intermetallic Cu NP/CB and Sn NP/CB samples. From the XAFS measurements, we determined the Sn-Sn distance in the SnO2 on the surface of the Cu6Sn5 NPs, and the key factor affecting the high selectivity was found to be the 4.9% compressive strain of the SnO2 shell layers on the Cu6Sn5 compared to that of the Sn NP/CB sample. Doi:10.1039_c9cy01540j
 the selectivity for C2H5OH or C3H7OH could be tuned by introducing N-doped porous carbon materials as cocatalysts with different pyridinic N contents&&structure control&&Selective electrochemical CO2 conversion to multicarbon alcohols on highly efficient N-doped porous carbon-supported Cu catalysts The selective and efficient electrocatalytic transformation of carbon dioxide (CO2) to multicarbon alcohols (e.g., C2H5OH and C3H7OH) is a challenge in renewable and sustainable energy research. Herein, a series of hybrid catalysts consisting of Cu nanoparticles supported on N-doped porous carbon (Cu/NPC) were prepared. It was demonstrated that the selectivity for C2H5OH or C3H7OH could be tuned by introducing N-doped porous carbon materials as cocatalysts with different pyridinic N contents, which could in situ produce a reactive CO intermediate from CO2. By varying the pyridinic N content, highly selective production of multicarbon alcohols was achieved using the Cu/NPC hybrid catalysts with a high faradaic efficiency for one pot production of multicarbon alcohols up to 73.3% at -1.05 V (vs. RHE). The faradaic efficiency for C2H5OH and C3H7OH was 64.6% and 8.7%, respectively. The pyridinic N species were likely the CO-producing sites and together with Cu catalytic sites acted cooperatively to produce C2H5OH and C3H7OH via a two-site mechanism for efficient CO2 reduction to multicarbon alcohols. These findings provide novel guidance for the rational design of electrocatalysts and for tuning the catalytic activity and selectivity for multicarbon alcohol production from CO2. Doi:10.1039_c9gc03088c
0D/2D heterostructures of SnO2 nanoparticles (NPs) confined on CuS nanosheets (NSs) &&composite&&Hierarchical heterostructure of SnO2 confined on CuS nanosheets for efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction The direct electroreduction of CO2 to ratio-tunable syngas (CO + H-2) is an appealing solution to provide important feedstocks for many industrial processes. However, low-cost, Earth-abundant yet efficient and stable electrocatalysts for composition-adjustable syngas have still not been realized for practical applications. Herein, new hierarchical 0D/2D heterostructures of SnO2 nanoparticles (NPs) confined on CuS nanosheets (NSs) were designed to enable CO2 electroreduction to a wide-range syngas (CO/H-2: 0.11-3.86) with high faradaic efficiency (>85%), remarkable turnover frequency (96.12 h(-1)) and excellent durability (over 24 h). Detailed experimental characterization studies together with theoretical calculations manifest that the ascendant catalytic performance is not only attributed to the heterostructure of ultrasmall SnO2 NPs homogeneously confined on ultrathin CuS NSs, which endows the maximum exposure of active sites and faster charge transfer, but is also accounted by the strong interaction between well-defined SnO2 and CuS interfaces, which modulated reaction free-energies of reaction intermediates and hence improved the activity of CO2 electroreduction to highly ratio-tunable syngas. This work provides a better understanding and a new strategy for intermediate regulation by interface engineering of hereostructures for CO2 reduction and beyond. Doi:10.1039_c9nr08726e
Cu-II&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly efficient electroconversion of carbon dioxide into hydrocarbons by cathodized copper-organic frameworks Highly selective conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into valuable hydrocarbons is promising yet challenging in developing effective electrocatalysts. Herein, Cu-II/adeninato/carboxylato metal-biomolecule frameworks (Cu-II/ade-MOFs) are employed for efficient CO2 electro-conversion towards hydrocarbon generation. The cathodized Cu-II/ade-MOF nanosheets demonstrate excellent catalytic performance for CO2 conversion into valuable hydrocarbons with a total hydrocarbon faradaic efficiency (FE) of over 73%. Ethylene (C2H4) is produced with a maximum FE of 45% and a current density of 8.5 mA cm(-2) at -1.4 V vs. RHE, while methane (CH4) is produced with a FE of 50% and current density of similar to 15 mA cm(-2) at -1.6 V vs. RHE. These investigations reveal that the reconstruction of cathodized Cu-II/ade-MOFs and the formed Cu nanoparticles functionalized by nitrogen-containing ligands contribute to the excellent CO2 conversion performance. Furthermore, this work would provide valuable insights and opportunities for the rational design of Cu-based MOF catalysts for highly efficient conversion of CO2 towards hydrocarbon generation. Doi:10.1039_c9sc02605c
the misfit dislocation sites in the electrocatalyst break the inherent scaling relationship of CRR intermediates' adsorption energies with an extraordinarily strong adsorption of *COOH and consequently promote excellent activity of the catalyst toward CRR.&&defect&&Syngas production from electrocatalytic CO2 reduction with high energetic efficiency and current density The direct conversion of CO2 to syngas with controllable composition remains an intense interest for the production of renewable fuels. Large current density and high cell voltage efficiency are critical from a practical viewpoint for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CRR), while the design of catalysts is a great challenge. Here, we report oxide-derived Cu nanowires with abundant, highly dispersed two-phase CuO heterostructures for syngas generation. The specified H-2/CO ratios of 1, 2 and 3, with extra high CRR faradic (90%) and energetic (50%) efficiencies, were achieved. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the misfit dislocation sites in the electrocatalyst break the inherent scaling relationship of CRR intermediates' adsorption energies with an extraordinarily strong adsorption of *COOH and consequently promote excellent activity of the catalyst toward CRR. Driven by a commercial solar cell (working voltage of 2.2 V) under direct sunlight, the freestanding electrocatalyst can steadily generate syngas of the desired composition using CO2 as a feedstock. Doi:10.1039_c9ta01932d
AuCu3&&alloy&&Core-shell nanoporous AuCu3@Au monolithic electrode for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction Selective conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to a reusable form of carbon via electrochemical reduction has attracted intensive interest for the storage of renewable energy. However, the achievement of efficient bulk monolithic electrocatalysts still remains a challenge. Herein, a facile oxidative etching of the Au20Cu80 alloy was developed for the synthesis of a monolithic nanoporous core-shell structured AuCu3@Au electrode, which showed a faradaic efficiency (FE) of 97.27% with a partial current density of 5.3 mA cm(-2) at -0.6 V vs. RHE for the production of CO. The FE value is about 1.45 times higher than that over the Au nanocatalyst. Unlike single nanoporous Au, AuCu3@Au maintained an excellent performance in a broad potential window. Furthermore, a 23 cm long nanoporous AuCu3@Au bulk electrode with good ductility was prepared, over which the active current reached up to 37.2 mA with a current density of 10.78 mA cm(-2) at -0.7 V vs. RHE, pushing the reduction of CO2 to industrialization. The unsaturated coordination environment with a coordination number of 8.2 over the shell gold and curved interface determined this high electrocatalytic performance. Density functional theory calculations suggested that the double-dentate adsorption structure in the AuCu3@Au catalyst effectively improves the stability of the *COOH intermediate. The density of states indicates that the introduction of Cu causes the d-band-centre of AuCu3@Au to move toward the Fermi level, directly bonding with *COOH. Therefore, the adsorption of *COOH on the surface of the AuCu3@Au catalyst is strengthened, facilitating the formation of CO. This work opens an avenue to achieve self-supported porous electrodes for various useful catalytic conversions. Doi:10.1039_c9ta09471g
heterostructured intermetallic CuSn electrocatalysts (Cu3Sn/Cu6Sn5) supported on porous copper foam&&structure control&&Heterostructured intermetallic CuSn catalysts: high performance towards the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate Electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2RR) into fuels and chemicals is an appealing approach to tackle CO2 emission challenges. To this end, it is critical to develop highly efficient and selective electrocatalysts for the CO2RR. Herein, we report a simple strategy for the preparation of heterostructured intermetallic CuSn electrocatalysts (Cu3Sn/Cu6Sn5) supported on porous copper foam through an electrodeposition-calcination process. The obtained CuSn intermetallic catalysts demonstrate a faradaic efficiency of 82% and a current density of 18.9 mA cm(-2) at -1.0 V vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode for formate production in 0.1 M NaHCO3 electrolyte for as long as 42 h. By using a gas diffusion electrode and 1 M KOH electrolyte, the current density of this catalyst for formic acid production can reach values as high as 148 mA cm(-2). Density functional theory calculations show that the moderate Gibbs free energy of hydrogen adsorption on the heterostructured Cu3Sn/Cu6Sn5 catalysts not only suppresses hydrogen evolution, but also favors the production of formic acid. This study demonstrates a straightforward approach to the preparation of high-performance electrocatalysts towards the selective electroreduction of CO2 to formate. Doi:10.1039_c9ta11140a
 three-dimensionally interconnected porous&&structure control&&Understanding three-dimensionally interconnected porous oxide-derived copper electrocatalyst for selective carbon dioxide reduction In this work, we have investigated a hierarchical CuO-derived inverse opal (CuO-IO) catalyst with high CO selectivity up to 80-90% and minimal H-2 evolution at moderate potentials for CO2 electroreduction. The three-dimensionally (3D) structured, porous catalyst was composed of small CuO nanoparticles and exhibited a peak CO faradaic efficiency (FE) of 72.5% (+/- 1.8), complete suppression of H-2 formation, and good stability over 24 hours operation at -0.6 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). In situ Raman, X-ray absorption spectroscopy and X-ray diffraction measurements indicated reduction of the catalyst into metallic Cu-0 oxidation state with dominant Cu(111) orientation under electrocatalytic conditions. We suggest that rapid depletion of CO2 and protons at the highly roughened catalyst surface likely increased the local pH during the electrolysis. The combination of C-1 favoring Cu(111) surfaces and reduced local proton/CO2 availability facilitated selective conversion of CO2 into CO and reduced H-2 and C-2 products. Our work provides additional understanding of the structure-property relationships of 3D porous electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction applications by evaluating the crystallographic orientation, oxidation state, and crystallite size of a CO-selective CuO-IO catalyst under realistic working conditions. Doi:10.1039_c9ta10135g
The enhanced faradaic efficiency for formate is attributed to the synergistic effect between Ni and Cu2O due to maximized amounts of exposed bimetallic sites that facilitate CO2 reduction. &&composite&&Bifunctional nickel and copper electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction and the oxygen evolution reaction In this study, a bifunctional electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction and the O-2 evolution reaction (OER) was constructed from the electrodeposition of cuprous oxide (Cu2O) and Ni on a carbon substrate. Different Ni thicknesses on Cu2O were achieved by varying the time of chronopotentiometric deposition of Ni. Electrochemical CO2 reduction was carried out at -0.89 V and -1.89 V vs. RHE, and it was found that formate and CO were the two major products. Cu2O modified with a Ni overlayer with a thickness of similar to 700 nm resulted in the highest formate faradaic efficiency of 18%, and Cu2O resulted in highest CO faradaic efficiency of 7.9%. The enhanced faradaic efficiency for formate is attributed to the synergistic effect between Ni and Cu2O due to maximized amounts of exposed bimetallic sites that facilitate CO2 reduction. The electrocatalyst also produces similar to 9 times more current density than previous studies using Ni-Cu2O electrocatalysts for the OER. The ability of the Ni-Cu2O thin films to catalyze both the OER and CO2 reduction allows them to be incorporated in the first demonstration of a two-electrode CO2 conversion device with a bifunctional catalyst. In this architecture, the device produces formate and CO with faradaic efficiencies of 16.0% and 19.7%, respectively. Doi:10.1039_c9ta12055f
Cu mixed state and retention of morphology of the electrosprayed catalyst &&structure control&&Controlling the C2+product selectivity of electrochemical CO2 reduction on an electrosprayed Cu catalyst Cu catalysts prepared by modifying bulk Cu foils have achieved high performance for value-added C2+ compounds from electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR) but the transformation of active sites can be affected by the bulk substrate, which make it complex to design the catalyst. Herein, we newly introduce a simple electrospray pyrolysis method to take advantage of a facile wet-chemical synthesis applicable on non-copper substrates, such as a porous carbon paper, and demonstrate highly enhanced selectivity for C2H4 production from CO2RR. The electrosprayed copper oxide on the carbon paper showed uniquely improved C2 selectivity compared with that on the copper substrate. The improved performance is proposed to be related to the presence of Cu mixed state and retention of morphology of the electrosprayed catalyst on the carbon paper, showing the importance of the substrate. In addition, the C2 product selectivity can be tuned by the electrospray synthesis time as it affects the size of the surface nanostructure as well as the porosity of the catalyst, which can provide an effective way to regulate the C2/C1 ratio. Doi:10.1039_c9ta13173f
NiCu(x)&&alloy&&Graphene-encapsulated nickel-copper bimetallic nanoparticle catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO Highly selective CO(2)electroreduction to CO (similar to 90% faradaic efficiency) was achieved on NiCu(0.25)bimetallic nanoparticle catalysts. By combining Synchrotron based X-ray absorption andin situRaman spectroscopy studies, we found that there is a negative correlation between the Cu content in NiCu(x)and CO selectivity due to redistribution of the 3d electrons. Doi:10.1039_d0cc04779a
highly dense copper nanoplate &&structure control&&Boosting C2 products in electrochemical CO(2)reduction over highly dense copper nanoplates The electrocatalytic transformation of carbon dioxide to higher value hydrocarbons offers opportunities for large-scale, long-term renewable energy storage and lessens carbon emissions. The fabrication of an efficient electrocatalyst with high selectivity for multicarbon (C2) products remains a topic of continuous interest. Here, we report highly dense copper nanoplate catalysts that are highly selective towards C2 product formation (C(2)H(4)and C2H6) with an average partial current density of -9.6 mA cm(-2), which is nearly 20 times higher than that of Cu-planar catalysts (-0.5 mA cm(-2)). The Cu-nanoplate catalyst exhibits 24 times increase in faradaic efficiency (FEC2) compared with the Cu-planar catalyst. The reaction mechanism is studied byin situRaman and density functional theory (DFT) calculations. The superior selectivity of the Cu-nanoplate catalyst for C2 products originates from the higher surface roughness and abundance of Cu (200) facets. The finding is an important development towards the fabrication of efficient catalysts with exclusively higher selectivity for multicarbon products. Doi:10.1039_d0cy00487a
alloy &&alloy&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction over nanoparticles derived from an oxidized Cu-Ni intermetallic alloy Oxide-derived Cu-Ni (3-32 at%-Ni) alloy nanoparticles with a size of 10 nm enhance selectivity for ethylene and ethanol formation over oxide-derived Cu nanoparticles by electrochemical CO2 reduction. X-ray absorption spectroscopy measurements suggest that Ni (generally recognized as an element to avoid) is in a mixed phase of oxidized and metallic states. Doi:10.1039_d0cc06130a
 its higher BET surface area, CO2 uptake, and a larger pore diameter.&&structure control&&Revealing the structure-activity relationship of two Cu-porphyrin-based metal-organic frameworks for the electrochemical CO2-to-HCOOH transformation The eCO(2)RR activity is correlated to the internal structural character of the catalyst. We employed two types of structural models of porphyrin-based MOFs of PCN-222(Cu) and PCN-224(Cu) into heterogeneous catalysis to illustrate the effect of structural factors on the eCO(2)RR performance. The composite catalyst PCN-222(Cu)/C displays better activity and selectivity (eta = 450 mV, FEHCOOH = 44.3%, j = 3.2 mA cm(-2)) than PCN-224(Cu)/C (eta = 450 mV, FEHCOOH = 34.1%, j = 2.4 mA cm(-2)) for the CO2 reduction to HCOOH in the range of -0.7--0.9 V (vs. RHE) due to its higher BET surface area, CO2 uptake, and a larger pore diameter. It is interesting that PCN-224(Cu)/C displays better performance in the range of -0.4--0.6 V (vs. RHE) due to its greater heat of adsorption, Q(st) and a higher affinity for CO2 molecule, which could promote the capture of CO2 onto the exposed active sites. As a result, PCN-224(Cu)/C exhibits better stability for the long-term electrolysis. Doi:10.1039_d0dt02683b
grain boundary density&&structure control&&A strategy to control the grain boundary density and Cu+/Cu-0 ratio of Cu-based catalysts for efficient electroreduction of CO2 to C2 products Cu(OH)(2)/CuO nanocomposite-derived Cu2O/Cu was highly efficient for CO2 electroreduction to C2 products. The highest faradaic efficiency and current density could reach 64.5% and 26.2 mA cm(-2), respectively. By changing the calcination time, moderate grain boundary density and the Cu+/Cu-0 ratio in catalysts can be controlled, leading to a large number of active sites and low interfacial charge transfer resistance. Doi:10.1039_d0gc00247j
alloy &&alloy&&Selectiven-propanol formation from CO(2)over degradation-resistant activated PdCu alloy foam electrocatalysts We present a novel, foam-type, high surface area electrocatalyst for the CO(2)reduction reaction (CO2RR) that is not only highly selective towardn-propanol (PrOH) formation (FEPrOH= 13.7%,j(PrOH)= -1.15 mA cm(-2)) at relatively low overpotentials (-0.65 Vvs.RHE) but also demonstrates an excellent long-term stability during CO(2)electrolysis experiments of 102 h in duration. A dynamic hydrogen bubble template approach is applied to electrodeposit a binary PdCu alloy foam yielding a nominal bulk composition of 9 at% Pd and 91 at% Cu (denoted as Pd9Cu91). The material is further modified by means of thermal annealing (12 h at 200 degrees C in air), which completely transforms the as-prepared metallic Pd(9)Cu(91)alloy foam into its oxidic state. The ultimate catalyst activation is achieved by subsequent reduction (at -0.65 Vvs.RHE for 45 min) of the oxidic precursors (composite of Cu2O, CuO, and CuPdO3) into metallic state, as indicated byoperandoRaman spectroscopy. Identical location scanning electron microscopy (IL-SEM) analysis, carried out prior to and after the activation treatments, demonstrates significant morphological alterations of the Pd(9)Cu(91)foam on the nm length scale, which go along with a phase segregation into nm-range Pd-rich and Cu-rich domains that helps to increase the PrOH selectivity. Time-dependent ICP-MS analyses of the electrolyte solution, carried out during the catalyst activation, demonstrate preferential (rapid) Cu dissolution followed by (slow) Cu redeposition on the catalyst surface. These processes are found to be superimposed on the actual oxide reduction. A two-fold selectivity of PrOH was observed over ethanol (EtOH). The excellent long-term stability of the activated Pd(9)Cu(91)foam catalyst is rationalized by the full suppression of the C1 hydrocarbon (methane) pathway. The improved product selectivity towards the highly valuable C3 alcohol is rationalized by an efficient and concerted spillover of chemisorbed carbon monoxide (*CO) and atomic hydrogen (*H) species from the Pd-rich domains to the activated Cu-rich domains of the oxide-derived Pd(9)Cu(91)foam catalyst where the C-C coupling and subsequent hydrogenation processes take place to form the targeted oxygenate product. Doi:10.1039_d0gc01636e
nanobundles &&structure control&&Boron-doped CuO nanobundles for electroreduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene Novel boron-doped CuO nanobundles are designed for CO2 reduction to the single multi-carbon product of ethylene, and their faradaic efficiency can reach 58.4% with a current density of 18.2 mA cm(-2). This active, selective and simply prepared electrocatalyst provides a promising electrocatalyst candidate for CO2 reduction to ethylene. Doi:10.1039_d0gc00730g
It was demonstrated that Cu-Cu CN and Cu-O CN, which could be tuned by changing the crystal surface and size of Cu2O, influenced the current density and faradaic efficiency (FE) of C(2)H(4)significantly.&&structure control&&Effect of the coordination environment of Cu in Cu2O on the electroreduction of CO(2)to ethylene Cuprous oxide catalysts have attracted much attention because they exhibited high selectivity of C2+ products in CO(2)electroreduction, but the effect of the structure of catalysts on the reaction needs to be studied further. Herein, we studied the effect of the coordination number (CN) of Cu-Cu and Cu-O in Cu2O on the catalytic performance of CO(2)electrocatalytic reduction to C2H4. It was demonstrated that Cu-Cu CN and Cu-O CN, which could be tuned by changing the crystal surface and size of Cu2O, influenced the current density and faradaic efficiency (FE) of C(2)H(4)significantly. At suitable CNs, the FE of C(2)H(4)could reach 50.6% with a current density of 24.5 mA cm(-2). Doi:10.1039_d0gc02842h
stabilization of Cu(+)within a CuO-CeO(2)interface&&structure control&&Stabilization of Cu(+)by tuning a CuO-CeO(2)interface for selective electrochemical CO(2)reduction to ethylene Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into multi-carbon fuels and chemical feedstocks is important but remains challenging. Here, we report the stabilization of Cu(+)within a CuO-CeO(2)interface for efficient and selective electrocatalytic CO(2)reduction to ethylene under ambient conditions. Tuning the CuO/CeO(2)interfacial interaction permits dramatic suppression of proton reduction and enhancement of CO(2)reduction, with an ethylene faradaic efficiency (FE) as high as 50.0% at -1.1 V (vs.the reversible hydrogen electrode) in 0.1 M KHCO3, in stark contrast to 22.6% over pure CuO immobilized on carbon black (CB). The composite catalyst presents a 2.6-fold improvement in ethylene current compared to that of CuO/CB at similar overpotentials, which also exceeds many recently reported Cu-based materials. The FE of C(2)H(4)remained at over 48.0% even after 9 h of continuous polarization. The Cu(+)species are believed to be the adsorption as well as active sites for the activation of CO(2)molecules, which remain almost unchanged after 1 h of electrolysis. Further density functional theory calculations demonstrate the preferred formation of Cu(+)at the CuO-CeO(2)interface. This work provides a simple avenue to convert CO(2)into high-value hydrocarbons by rational stabilization of Cu(+)species. Doi:10.1039_d0gc02279a
3D architecture of the catalysts&&structure control&&Electrodeposited Cu-Pd bimetallic catalysts for the selective electroreduction of CO2 to ethylene Cu-Pd bimetallic catalysts were fabricated on carbon paper (CP) by the electrodeposition method via a dynamic hydrogen bubble template approach. At a potential of -1.2 V vs. RHE, the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of C2H4 could reach 45.2% with a current density of 17.4 mA cm(-2) in an H-type electrolytic cell. Detailed studies suggest that the enhanced performance of Cu-Pd/CP was attributed mainly to the synergistic effect, low interfacial charge transfer resistance, and the 3D architecture of the catalysts. Doi:10.1039_d0gc03051a
Benefiting from the defects and rough surface, this electrode exhibited a high selectivity for C(2)H(4)production&&defect&&Selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene on a copper hydroxide nitrate nanostructure electrode Electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction (CO2RR) is a promising technology to convert CO(2)into valuable carbon-based fuels and chemicals. Copper (Cu) is a unique catalyst for this reaction as it yields substantial hydrocarbon products, but still suffers from low selectivity in aqueous solution. Here, we present a nanostructure Cu@Cu-2(OH)(3)NO(3)electrode using a facile molten salt decomposition method (MSDM). Both XPS and XRD data indicate that Cu-2(OH)(3)NO(3)is converted into metallic Cu when employed in CO(2)electroreduction in KHCO(3)solution, leaving abundant defects on the dendritic rough surface. Benefiting from the defects and rough surface, this electrode exhibited a high selectivity for C(2)H(4)production with a faradaic efficiency (FE) of 31.80% and a high stability for 20 h. Doi:10.1039_d0nr02591g
metallic copper (Cu) and silver (Ag) nanoparticles with a narrow size distribution (<10%)&&structure control&&Stabilization effects in binary colloidal Cu and Ag nanoparticle electrodes under electrochemical CO2 reduction conditions Nanoparticle modified electrodes constitute an attractive way to tailor-make efficient carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction catalysts. However, the restructuring and sintering processes of nanoparticles under electrochemical reaction conditions not only impedes the widespread application of nanoparticle catalysts, but also misleads the interpretation of the selectivity of the nanocatalysts. Here, we colloidally synthesized metallic copper (Cu) and silver (Ag) nanoparticles with a narrow size distribution (<10%) and utilized them in electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions. Monometallic Cu and Ag nanoparticle electrodes showed severe nanoparticle sintering already at low overpotential of -0.8 V vs. RHE, as evidenced by ex situ SEM investigations, and potential-dependent variations in product selectivity that resemble bulk Cu (14% for ethylene at -1.3 V vs. RHE) and Ag (69% for carbon monoxide at -1.0 V vs. RHE). However, by co-deposition of Cu and Ag nanoparticles, a nanoparticle stabilization effect was observed between Cu and Ag, and the sintering process was greatly suppressed at CO2 reducing potentials (-0.8 V vs. RHE). Furthermore, by varying the Cu/Ag nanoparticle ratio, the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) selectivity towards methane (maximum of 20.6% for dense Cu-2.5-Ag-1 electrodes) and C-2 products (maximum of 15.7% for dense Cu-1-Ag-1 electrodes) can be tuned, which is attributed to a synergistic effect between neighbouring Ag and Cu nanoparticles. We attribute the stabilization of the nanoparticles to the positive enthalpies of Cu-Ag solid solutions, which prevents the dissolution-redeposition induced particle growth under CO2RR conditions. The observed nanoparticle stabilization effect enables the design and fabrication of active CO2 reduction nanocatalysts with high durability. Doi:10.1039_d0nr09040a
Ag/Cu composite structures&&composite&&Ag nanoparticle embedded Cu nanoporous hybrid arrays for the selective electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 towards ethylene Electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2RR) driven by renewable electricity is a promising strategy for chemical recycling of carbon. It can alleviate the carbon emission by reducing the carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere, transforming low energy density renewable energy into high energy density carbonaceous fuels. Copper-based catalysts play an important role in the field of electrocatalytic CO2 because of their ability to reduce CO2 to hydrocarbons. However, problems such as high overpotential, catalyst deactivation, and uncontrollable product selectivity limit their further development. Herein, we construct Ag/Cu and Zn/Cu composite structures for CO2 reduction by employing tiny Ag nanoparticles and Zn nanocones uniformly distributed on the surface of porous network Cu nanowires. It is found that Ag/Cu composite structures are more active for the reduction of CO2 to C2H4, compared to those of Zn modified. The faradaic efficiency of CO2 reduction to ethylene reaches 41.3% and it remains stable for more than 8 hours. Theoretical calculations show that the modification of silver regulates the electronic structure of highly porous copper at the Cu/Ag interface, accelerates the process of carbon dioxide reduction of the first electron, enhances the adsorption of *CO and further facilitates *CO dimerization to ethylene. Therefore, the strategy of silver-modified porous copper pre-catalyst is a promising approach for CO2 reduction to hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1039_d0qi00025f
The architecture shows tandem catalysis mechanisms in which CO2 reduction on Au yolks produces CO filling Cu nanocavities, where a sufficiently high CO concentration due to the confinement effect promotes ethanol formation&&composite&&Tuning nanocavities of Au@Cu2O yolk-shell nanoparticles for highly selective electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol at low potential The electrosynthesis of high-value ethanol from carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide addresses the need for the large-scale storage of renewable electricity and reduction of carbon emissions. However, the electrosynthesis of ethanol by the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) has suffered from low selectivity and energy efficiency. Here, we report a catalyst composed of Au nanoparticles in Cu2O nanocavities (Au@Cu2O) that is very active for CO2 reduction to ethanol through the confinement of the CO intermediate. The architecture shows tandem catalysis mechanisms in which CO2 reduction on Au yolks produces CO filling Cu nanocavities, where a sufficiently high CO concentration due to the confinement effect promotes ethanol formation and then results in an ethanol faradaic efficiency of 52.3% at -0.30 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (vs. RHE) via regulating the hollow size of the Cu2O nanocavities. Such a strategy provides a new way of fabricating various tandem catalysts with high selectivity and efficiency for the CO2RR. Doi:10.1039_d0ra02482a
Graphene oxide (GO) supported Cu/CuxO nano-electrodeposits&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethylene on Cu/CuxO-GO composites in aqueous solution Here, we present fabrication of Graphene oxide (GO) supported Cu/CuxO nano-electrodeposits which can efficiently and selectively electroreduce CO2 into ethylene with a faradaic efficiency (F.E) of 34% and a conversion rate of 194 mmol g(-1) h(-1) at -0.985 V vs. RHE. The effect of catalyst morphology, working electrode fabricational techniques, the extent of metal-GO interaction and the oxide content in Cu/CuxO, was studied in detail so as to develop a protocol for the fabrication of an active, stable and selective catalyst for efficient electro-production of ethylene from CO2. Moreover, a detailed comparative study about the effect of the GO support, and the nature of the cathodic collection substrate used for the electro-deposition is presented. Doi:10.1039_d0ra02754e
molecular catalyst&&atomic level dispersion&&A bioinspired molybdenum-copper molecular catalyst for CO2 electroreduction Non-noble metal molecular catalysts mediating the electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide are still scarce. This work reports the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate catalyzed by the bimetallic complex [(bdt)Mo-VI(O)(S2CuCN)-C-I](2-) (bdt = benzenedithiolate), a mimic of the active site of the Mo-Cu carbon monoxide dehydrogenase enzyme (CODH2). Infrared spectroelectrochemical (IR-SEC) studies coupled with density functional theory (DFT) computations revealed that the complex is only a pre-catalyst, the active catalyst being generated upon reduction in the presence of CO2. We found that the two-electron reduction of [(bdt)Mo-VI(O)(S2CuCN)-C-I](2-) triggers the transfer of the oxo moiety to CO2 forming CO32- and the complex [(bdt)(MoS2CuCN)-S-IV-C-I](2-) and that a further one-electron reduction is needed to generate the active catalyst. Its protonation yields a reactive (MoH)-H-V hydride intermediate which reacts with CO2 to produce formate. These findings are particularly relevant to the design of catalysts from metal oxo precursors. Doi:10.1039_d0sc01045f
Such high selective C(2)production is found to mainly originate from CO intermediate enrichment inside hierarchical pores&&structure control&&A reconstructed porous copper surface promotes selectivity and efficiency toward C(2)products by electrocatalytic CO(2)reduction Electrocatalytic synthesis of multicarbon (C2+) products from CO(2)reduction suffers from poor selectivity and low energy efficiency. Herein, a facile oxidation-reduction cycling method is adopted to reconstruct the Cu electrode surface with the help of halide anions. The surface composed of entangled Cu nanowires with hierarchical pores is synthesized in the presence of I-, exhibiting a C(2)faradaic efficiency (FE) of 80% at -1.09 Vvs.RHE. A partial current density of 21 mA cm(-2)is achieved with a C(2)half-cell power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 39% on this electrode. Such high selective C(2)production is found to mainly originate from CO intermediate enrichment inside hierarchical pores rather than the surface lattice effect of the Cu electrode. Doi:10.1039_d0sc01202e
 three-dimensional electrode composed of mesoporous carbon-embedded copper nanoparticles&&structure control&&CO2 electroreduction to fuels on mesoporous carbon-embedded copper nanoparticles The electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) process can allow the production of chemicals under ambient conditions on nanostructured copper materials. However, the reaction selectivity is still a main drawback due to strong competition reactions at close electrode potentials. Herein, we introduced a novel three-dimensional electrode composed of mesoporous carbon-embedded copper nanoparticles that are capable of selectively producing formic acid and short-chain hydrocarbons at low overpotentials. The mesoporous electrocatalyst was synthesized from a facile and one-pot green chemistry process using bio-sourced Tannin mimosa (polymeric flavonoids) acting as both reducing agent and carbon precursor. The role of different electrode potentials on the product selectivity (methane and ethylene) was probed by on-line differential electrochemical mass spectrometry (DEMS). During the CO2 electrolysis, chronoamperometry experiments allowed the evaluation of the electrocatalytic performance towards CO2RR with a distinguishable production of formic acid and hydrocarbons. It should be noted that methane was first detected at a potential of -0.52 V, while ethylene showed up at -0.72 V vs. RHE. Moreover, the thin-layer Cu/C ex-tannin porous electrode surface exhibited current densities ranging from 5.9 to 42.1 mA cm(-2), which are higher than those previously reported on copper-based electrodes. This suggests that the Cu/C ex-tannin electrocatalyst surface facilitates charge and mass transfers towards accessible active sites through mesostructured carbon paths, boosting the performance for CO2RR. The Cu/C ex-tannin electrode described here may provide a promising lead for the development of effective electrocatalyst structures for scalable electrochemical CO2 reduction electrolyzers. Doi:10.1039_d0se01025a
the lowered overpotential originates from the decreased CO dimerization energy barrier due to the doped N triggering CO production around the Cu particles.&&composite&&Thermodynamically driven self-formation of copper-embedded nitrogen-doped carbon nanofiber catalysts for a cascade electroreduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene Electrocatalysts for CO(2)electroreduction require not only high-performance active materials to control the series reaction but also conductive and durable supports to ensure long-term stability under harsh operating conditions. Instead of conventional heterogeneous catalysts made by attaching metal on supports, we manufactured a self-formed tandem catalyst designed for a cascade electroreduction of CO(2)to C2H4. Using oxygen partial pressure-controlled calcination, electrospun copper acetate/polyacrylonitrile nanofibers were successfully transformed into porous carbon nanofibers consisting of doped N and metallic Cu particles. Doped nitrogen atoms adjacent to Cu atoms trigger the reaction by increasing the amount of CO* on the Cu surfaces, which lowers the energy required for CO dimerization that is used for C(2)H(4)production. The Cu-embedded N-doped carbon nanofibers exhibit a C(2)H(4)faradaic efficiency of 62% at a potential of -0.57 Vvs.RHE with high current density of 600 mA cm(-2)and excellent long-term stability. DFT calculations suggest that the lowered overpotential originates from the decreased CO dimerization energy barrier due to the doped N triggering CO production around the Cu particles. Doi:10.1039_d0ta03322g
porous cupric oxide nanowires&&structure control&&Metal-organic framework-derived cupric oxide polycrystalline nanowires for selective carbon dioxide electroreduction to C2 valuables Carbon dioxide (CO2) electroreduction is promising for balancing the carbon cycle for a sustainable society. However, an efficient electrocatalyst is the key to selectively converting CO(2)and generating valuable products. In this work, metal-organic framework (MOF) derived porous cupric oxide nanowires are prepared by a controllable annealing method for the efficient CO(2)reduction. These polycrystalline nanocatalysts demonstrate a high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of similar to 70% for C2 products at -1.3 Vvs.RHE. A partial current density of similar to 141 mA cm(-2)for ethylene with a FE of similar to 37% is achieved in a home-made flow cell at -1.3 Vvs.RHE. Thein situ/ex situinvestigations indicate that the oxide-derived metallic copper with abundant interfaces would be the real active sites for highly selective CO(2)electrolysis. This work offers effective copper catalysts to selectively convert CO(2)toward valuable products, and more importantly provides insightful understanding of developing efficient catalytic materials for energy conversion. Doi:10.1039_d0ta03565c
The enhancements in selectivity and activity are attributed to the synergistic effects between Cu sites and N doping, simultaneously improving CO(2)adsorption and the interfacial charge transfer process.&&composite&&Selective CO2-to-formate electrochemical conversion with core-shell structured Cu2O/Cu@C composites immobilized on nitrogen-doped graphene sheets The electrochemical conversion of CO(2)into fuels and chemicals attracts worldwide attention for tackling global warming and energy crises. However, the efficiencies and selectivities for targeted products such as formate are still far from satisfactory. Herein, core-shell structured Cu2O/Cu@C immobilized on nitrogen-doped graphene sheets (Cu2O/Cu@C/NG) is prepared and used for CO(2)reduction. Cu2O/Cu@C/NG yields higher activity towards formate in terms of a lower onset potential (-0.38 VversusRHE) and higher faradaic efficiency (82.1 +/- 1.2%), as well as stable performance over 30 h. The enhancements in selectivity and activity are attributed to the synergistic effects between Cu sites and N doping, simultaneously improving CO(2)adsorption and the interfacial charge transfer process. Additionally, N doping restrains hydrogen evolution on the copper sites, leaving more available sites for CO(2)reduction. This study provides an efficient strategy to increase the activities of electrocatalysts for CO2-to-formate electroreduction. Doi:10.1039_d0ta05620k
 hierarchically nanoporous copper integrated with vanadium oxide&&structure control&&Vanadium oxide integrated on hierarchically nanoporous copper for efficient electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to an ethanol product is regarded as a highly promising route for CO2 utilization. However, the poor selectivity is still a critical challenge for increasing the yield of the specific ethanol. As a CO2 reduction catalyst, the hierarchically nanoporous copper integrated with vanadium oxide can achieve a 30.1% faradaic efficiency for CO2-to-ethanol production and an ethanol partial current density of -16 mA cm(-2) at -0.62 V vs. RHE, corresponding to a 4-fold increase in activity compared to bare nanoporous Cu. It even delivers an ethanol partial current density that exceeds -39 mA cm(-2) at -0.8 V vs. RHE in a flow-cell reactor. The hierarchically nanoporous Cu skeleton not only facilitates both electron and electrolyte transport but also provides a large specific surface area for high active site density. Density functional theory reveals that the vanadium oxide decorated Cu surface can facilitate water dissociation and optimize the hydrogen adsorption energy on Cu, lowering the energy barrier for the protonation of carbon dioxide and C-C coupling. Meanwhile, it can increase hydrogen proton coverage on the catalyst surface and inhibit dehydration, which are beneficial for breaking the C = C bond of the *HCCOH intermediate, thus enhancing the faradaic efficiency of ethanol significantly. The highly efficient conversion of CO2 to ethanol demonstrates that the hybrid electrocatalyst is considered as a promising candidate for practical electrocatalytic CO2RR applications. Doi:10.1039_d0ta09522b
copper selenide nanostructures&&structure control&&Selective electroreduction of CO2 to carbon-rich products with a simple binary copper selenide electrocatalyst In this article solvothermally synthesized copper selenide nanostructures have been reported as highly efficient electrocatalysts for carbon dioxide reduction under ambient conditions with high selectivity for carbon-rich C2 products at a low applied potential. In addition to electrochemical measurements, density functional theory calculations were also performed to investigate the adsorption energy of the key intermediate carbon monoxide on the catalyst surface. The authors proposed that CO adsorption energy on the surface can be a critical component to determine the extent of CO2 reduction on the surface, whereby a low CO adsorption energy was expected to yield primarily C1 products while a very large adsorption energy leads to catalyst poisoning. In this article the authors have shown that by carefully designing the catalyst surface to optimize the CO adsorption energy and dwell time, selenide based electrocatalysts can indeed show more efficient CO2 reduction compared to the base metal, leading to carbon-rich products. This is one of the first reports where the Cu2Se surface has been studied in detail with experimental as well as DFT studies for CO2 reduction. Interestingly, the reduction products showed dependence on the applied potential forming exclusively formic acid at a high applied potential (1.2 V and higher vs. RHE), while ethanol and acetic acid were produced in high yield at potentials lower than 0.8 V vs. RHE. The applied potential required for CO2 with copper selenide was as low as 100 mV vs. RHE and is one of the lowest reported to date. The CO2 reduction products were analyzed through NMR and GC TCD spectroscopy which showed ethanol and acetic acid production in excess of 80% faradaic efficiency at a low applied potential. Doi:10.1039_d0ta11518e
defects &&defect&&Reconstructing two-dimensional defects in CuO nanowires for efficient CO2 electroreduction to ethylene Here we report that in situ reconstructed Cu two-dimensional (2D) defects in CuO nanowires during CO2RR lead to significantly enhanced activity and selectivity of C2H4 compared to the CuO nanoplatelets. Specifically, the CuO nanowires achieve high faradaic efficiency of 62% for C2H4 and a partial current density of 324 mA cm(-2) yet at a low potential of -0.56 V versus a reversible hydrogen electrode. Structural evolution characterization and in situ Raman spectra reveal that the high yield of C2H4 on CuO nanowires is attributed to the in situ reduction of CuO to Cu followed by structural reconstruction to form 2D defects, e.g., stacking faults and twin boundaries, which improve the CO production rate and *CO adsorption strength. This finding may provide a paradigm for the rational design of nanostructured catalysts for efficient CO2 electroreduction to C2H4. Doi:10.1039_d1cc03171f
alloy&&alloy&&Key to C-2 production: selective C-C coupling for electrochemical CO2 reduction on copper alloy surfaces The C-C coupling kinetic variations are observed on Cu alloys with Pt, Pd, or Au surface sites. The OC-COH coupling is kinetically more favorable than OC-CHO coupling, which originates from increased reactivity of adsorbed *CO species. Linear energy relations for C-C association/dissociation could simplify the energetic evaluation for C-2 production. Doi:10.1039_d1cc03796j
Cu(111) nanoparticles with an average size of 5.5 +/- 0.9 nm were anchored on a conductive Cu-based metal-organic framework (Cu-THQ) &&composite&&A Cu(111)@metal-organic framework as a tandem catalyst for highly selective CO2 electroreduction to C2H4 Here, we report an improved tandem catalytic mechanism for electroreduction of CO2 to C2H4. Cu(111) nanoparticles with an average size of 5.5 +/- 0.9 nm were anchored on a conductive Cu-based metal-organic framework (Cu-THQ) by in situ electrochemical synthesis. Compared to Cu(111) nanoparticles, the C2H4 faradaic efficiency of the tandem catalyst Cu(111)@Cu-THQ was increased doubly. Doi:10.1039_d1cc05376k
Repeated redox reaction generated the evolutionary surface of PANi/CuBi2O4 with Cu0+ and Bi0+ crossed.&&structure control&&Selective electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol over a highly stable catalyst derived from polyaniline/CuBi2O4 Electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol with high stability and selectivity is vital for resourceful CO2 utilization. The catalyst derived from PANi/CuBi(2)O(4)via an electrochemical activation process shows high faraday efficiency (FE) for the electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol (similar to 64.15%). Repeated redox reaction generated the evolutionary surface of PANi/CuBi2O4 with Cu0+ and Bi0+ crossed. Owing to the high priority of the adsorbed O-terminal on the introduced Bi, which is located on the Cu surface, the CO2RR pathway for ethylene is suppressed after C-C coupling, making PANi/CuBi2O4 more likely to produce ethanol. With our thorough investigation of the PANi/CuBi2O4 composite system, the agglomerate behaviour of the catalyst in the activation process can be effectively suppressed leading to the high stability and long lifetime of the catalyst. Our findings highlight the importance of local surface evolution by electrochemical pretreatment while retaining the excellent property by stabilizing the main body of the catalyst. Doi:10.1039_d1cy01063h
cuprous oxide (Cu2O) was supported on N-doped flexible roughed graphite paper (NGP)&&composite&&The in situ growth of Cu2O with a honeycomb structure on a roughed graphite paper for the efficient electroreduction of CO2 to C2H4 Metals and their alloy-based electrocatalysts continue to attract considerable attention for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reactions (CO(2)RRs). In this work, cuprous oxide (Cu2O) was supported on N-doped flexible roughed graphite paper (NGP) to fabricate Cu2O/NGP self-supporting electrocatalysts for CO(2)RRs by electrodeposition and heat treatment. In the Cu2O/NGP electrocatalyst, NGP acted as a current collector and conducting channel, which can effectively transfer electrons from the active sites of Cu2O to NGP, and thus, enhance the catalytic performance of Cu2O/NGP for CO(2)RRs. The overall Faradaic efficiency of Cu2O/NGP for CO(2)RRs reached 96% at -0.9 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, of which 35% originated from yielding ethylene (C2H4), suggesting its high activity and C2H4 selectivity. Furthermore, the excellent stability of Cu2O/NGP over 10 h made it preferable as an effective electrocatalyst for CO(2)RRs. The good electrocatalytic performance could be attributed to the unique self-supporting structure and the synergetic effect between Cu2O and NGP. Doi:10.1039_d1cy01099a
alloy &&alloy&&Tuning CuZn interfaces in metal-organic framework-derived electrocatalysts for enhancement of CO2 conversion to C-2 products The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is an effective and green approach for reducing and converting CO2 synchronously into high-value chemicals and fuels, especially C-2 products. We report here the synthesis of bimetallic CuZn electrocatalysts supported on conductive porous carbon for the CO2RR through a one-step carbonization of a metal-organic framework (MOF). By varying the Cu/Zn ratios of the MOF, we obtain catalysts with differing Cu-Zn interfaces including alloy and segregated phases, which significantly affect the Faradaic efficiency and current density of ethylene and ethanol. CuZn alloy with intimate contact between Cu and Zn exhibits the highest improvement (5-fold) in Faradaic efficiency for the C-2 products at -1 V-RHE compared to the Cu counterpart, far outperforming the catalyst with segregated Cu and Zn phases. The reaction pathway towards ethylene and ethanol over the CuZn alloy catalyst is investigated using density functional theory calculations with an explicit solvent model, and the roles of Zn in influencing the electronic structure of the Cu sites to favor C-2 production are clarified. Doi:10.1039_d1cy01839f
the unique co-coordination of pyridinic N and C-O with copper &&atomic level dispersion&&Selective electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to acetate on polymeric Cu-L (L = pyridinic N and carbonyl group) complex core-shell microspheres Low selectivity is one of the greatest challenges of an electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), e.g., using copper-based catalysts in water solution. Herein, we report the production of pure acetate (aside from H-2) from a CO2RR with a novel polymeric Cu-ligand (pyridinic N and carbonyl group) complex (p-CuL) core-shell microsphere synthesized by a facile thermal-polymerization of urea and a Cu-urea complex. The highly selective reduction of CO2 to acetate, without any detectable gas products besides H-2, is enabled by the unique co-coordination of pyridinic N and C-O with copper whose chemical state is between +1 and +2 and the porous 3D core that is kinetically favorable for the acetate product. The maximal faradaic efficiency of acetate of similar to 64% is attained at -0.37 V vs. RHE in a 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte, and H-2 evolution is much suppressed. In the process of the CO2RR to acetate, the Cu(ii)-carbonyl coordination remains while Cu delta+-ligand active sites are reduced to Cu(i). In addition, the highly selective acetate production is favored by the p-CuL core-shell microsphere for the adsorption of some important intermediates of CO2 reduction and their dimerization and further e(-)/h(+) reduction, as seen from the distinctly increased C-O and -OH groups in the O K-edge X-ray absorption spectrum (XAS) of p-CuL after the CO2RR. Doi:10.1039_d1gc01464a
single Cu-N-3 sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Constructing single Cu-N-3 sites for CO2 electrochemical reduction over a wide potential range A Cu-N-doped carbon nanotube with an unsaturated coordination Cu atom (Cu-N-3) was fabricated and it exhibited over 90% CO faradaic efficiency (FE) in a wide potential range from -0.42 to -0.92 V. The maximum CO FE can reach 98.7% with a high CO partial current density of 234.3 mA cm(-2) in a flow cell. Theoretical calculations elucidated that the Cu-N-3 site facilitated the formation of COOH*, thereby accelerating the CO2 electrochemical reduction. Doi:10.1039_d1gc01914g
silk fibroin-derived carbon aerogels (CAs) loaded with small amounts of Cu and Ag nanoparticles&&composite&&CuAg nanoparticle/carbon aerogel for electrochemical CO2 reduction The electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (eCO(2)RR) is a promising technology that uses electrical energy to catalytically reduce greenhouse gas-CO2, converting CO2 into high value-added products such as hydrocarbons and alcohols. However, due to the complexity of the eCO(2)RR, the activity and selectivity of the eCO(2)RR is highly dependent on the intrinsic catalytic activity of a catalyst with mass transportation-favorable morphology. Herein, silk fibroin-derived carbon aerogels (CAs) loaded with small amounts of Cu and Ag nanoparticles were synthesized. Based on the molar content of Cu, the catalysts were labeled SF-CuAg/CA-N (N = 20%, 40%, 60%, 80%). Among them, SF-CuAg/CA-40% showed a good FECO of 71% at -1.26 V vs. a reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), and a significant current density of -15.77 mA cm(-2) towards CO at -1.06 V vs. RHE, which is close to 2.6, 2.53 and 2.71 times those of SF-CuAg/CA-20% (-6.02 mA cm(-2)), SF-CuAg/CA-60% (-6.24 mA cm(-2)) and SF-CuAg/CA-80% (-5.82 mA cm(-2)). The SF-CuAg/CA-N composite materials prepared in this study provide new ideas for the design of highly efficient electrocatalysts for the eCO(2)RR. Doi:10.1039_d1nj03540a
the improved CO2RR performance stems from the Cu1.96S/Cu tandem structure&&composite&&Efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 promoted by the electrospun Cu1.96S/Cu tandem catalyst Coupled with renewable electricity, electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) is one of the sustainable strategies for the production of value-added carbon-containing chemicals. Cu-based catalysts are by far the most widely studied electrocatalytic materials for CO2RR, although they exhibit poor performance in CO selectivity. In this work, we have designed a Cu1.96S/Cu tandem structure via a combined electrospinning and calcination method. The catalyst enables CO2 reduction to CO with high selectivity >80% with a production rate of 34.6 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2) at -0.68 V vs. RHE, which is superior to most of the Cu-based catalysts under the same operation conditions. Theoretical simulations show that the improved CO2RR performance stems from the Cu1.96S/Cu tandem structure in which Cu acts as a *CO-producing site and the neighboring Cu1.96S facilitates the following *CO desorption step. This work opens new possibilities for exploiting tandem catalysis mechanisms. Doi:10.1039_d1nr04802c
a 3D porous network structure&&structure control&&Three-dimensional porous copper-decorated bismuth-based nanofoam for boosting the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate Bismuth (Bi)-based nanomaterials are considered as promising electrocatalysts for the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), but it is still challenging to achieve high current density and selectivity in a wide potential window. Herein, Cu-decorated Bi/Bi2O3 nanofoam (P-Cu-BiNF) with a 3D porous network structure was prepared for the first time via a simple fast-reduction method. Characterizations indicate that the introduction of Cu can significantly regulate the microstructure and electronic states of Bi/Bi2O3. Consequently, the as-prepared P-Cu-BiNF exhibits excellent electrocatalytic performance toward the CO2RR. Remarkably, the faradaic efficiency of formate production can exceed 90% in a wide potential range from -0.78 to -1.08 V. Meanwhile, it can also deliver a high formate partial current density of up to 62.7 mA cm(-2) at -1.18 V and long-term stability. This work provides a simple but effective way to synthesize advanced Bi-based materials with significantly improved electrocatalytic CO2RR performance. Doi:10.1039_d1qi00065a
three supports, named dense TiO2, TiO2 nanotube and TiO2 nanofiber, were applied to synthesize CuO/TiO2 electrodes&&structure control&&A comparative study of the effects of different TiO2 supports toward CO2 electrochemical reduction on CuO/TiO2 electrode CuO-based electrodes possess vast potential in the field of CO2 electrochemical reduction. Meantime, TiO2 supports show the advantages of being non-toxic, low-cost and having high chemical stability, which render it an ideal electrocatalytic support with CuO. However, different morphologies and structures of TiO2 supports can be obtained through various methods, leading to the discrepant electrocatalytic properties of CuO/TiO2. In this paper, three supports, named dense TiO2, TiO2 nanotube and TiO2 nanofiber, were applied to synthesize CuO/TiO2 electrodes by thermal decomposition, and the performances of the electrocatalysts were studied. Results show that the main product of the three electrocatalysts was ethanol, but the electrochemical efficiency and reaction characteristics are obviously different. The liquid product of CuO/Dense TiO2 is pure ethanol, however, the current efficiency is rather low owing to the higher resistance of the TiO2 film. CuO/TiO2 nanotube shows high conductivity and ethanol can be synthesized at low overpotential with high current efficiency, but the gas products cannot be restricted. CuO/TiO2 nanofiber has a larger specific surface area and more active sites, which is beneficial for CO2 reduction, and the hydrogen evolution reaction can be evidently restricted. The yield of ethanol reaches up to 6.4 mu mol cm(-2) at -1.1 V (vs. SCE) after 5 h. Doi:10.1039_d1ra02837e
 Cu2-xS nanosheets (C-nano-0, 100 nm lateral dimension, 14 nm thick)&&structure control&&Copper sulfide as the cation exchange template for synthesis of bimetallic catalysts for CO2 electroreduction Among metals used for CO2 electroreduction in water, Cu appears to be unique in its ability to produce C2+ products like ethylene. Bimetallic combinations of Cu with other metals have been investigated with the goal of steering selectivity via creating a tandem pathway through the CO intermediate or by changing the surface electronic structure. Here, we demonstrate a facile cation exchange method to synthesize Ag/Cu electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction using Cu sulfides as a growth template. Beginning with Cu2-xS nanosheets (C-nano-0, 100 nm lateral dimension, 14 nm thick), varying the Ag+ concentration in the exchange solution produces a gradual change in crystal structure from Cu7S4 to Ag2S, as the Ag/Cu mass ratio varies from 0.3 to 25 (CA-nano-x, x indicating increasing Ag fraction). After cation exchange, the nanosheet morphology remains but with increased shape distortion as the Ag fraction is increased. Interestingly, the control (C-nano-0) and cation exchanged nanosheets have very high faradaic efficiency for producing formate at low overpotential (-0.2 V vs. RHE). The primary effect of Ag incorporation is increased production of C2+ products at -1.0 V vs. RHE compared with C-nano-0, which primarily produces formate. Cation exchange can also be used to modify the surface of Cu foils. A two-step electro-oxidation/sulfurization process was used to form Cu sulfides on Cu foil (C-foil-x) to a depth of a few 10 s of microns. With lower Ag+ concentrations, cation exchange produces uniformly dispersed Ag; however, at higher concentrations, Ag particles nucleate on the surface. During CO2 electroreduction testing, the product distribution for Ag/Cu sulfides on Cu foil (CA-foil-x-y) changes in time with an initial increase in ethylene and methane production followed by a decrease as more H-2 is produced. The catalysts undergo a morphology evolution towards a nest-like structure which could be responsible for the change in selectivity. For cation-exchanged nanosheets (CA-nano-x), pre-reduction at negative potentials increases the CO2 reduction selectivity compared to tests of as-synthesized material, although this led to the aggregation of nanosheets into filaments. Both types of bimetallic catalysts are capable of selective reduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products, although the optimal configurations appear to be metastable. Doi:10.1039_d1ra03811g
nanoporous hollow&&structure control&&The site pair matching of a tandem Au/CuO-CuO nanocatalyst for promoting the selective electrolysis of CO2 to C-2 products Tandem catalysis, in which a CO2-to-C-2 process is divided into a CO2-to-CO/*CO step and a CO/*CO-to-C-2 step, is promising for enhancing the C-2 product selectivity when using Cu-based electrochemical CO2 reduction catalysts. In this work, a nanoporous hollow Au/CuO-CuO tandem catalyst was used for catalyzing the eCO(2)RR, which exhibited a C-2 product FE of 52.8% at -1.0 V vs. RHE and a C-2 product partial current density of 78.77 mA cm(-2) at -1.5 V vs. RHE. In addition, the C-2 product FE stably remained at over 40% over a wide potential range, from -1.0 V to -1.5 V. This superior performance was attributed to good matching in terms of the optimal working potential and charge-transfer resistance between CO/*CO-production sites (Au/CuO) and CO/*CO-reduction sites (CuO). This site pair matching effect ensured sufficient supplies of CO/*CO and electrons at CuO sites at the working potentials, thus dramatically enhancing the formation rate of C-2 products. Doi:10.1039_d1ra07507a
abundant interfaces can be produced on OD-Cu&&structure control&&The in situ study of surface species and structures of oxide-derived copper catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction Oxide-derived copper (OD-Cu) has been discovered to be an effective catalyst for the electroreduction of CO2 to C2+ products. The structure of OD-Cu and its surface species during the reaction process are interesting topics, which have not yet been clearly discussed. Herein, in situ surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS), operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS), and O-18 isotope labeling experiments were employed to investigate the surface species and structures of OD-Cu catalysts during CO2 electroreduction. It was found that the OD-Cu catalysts were reduced to metallic Cu(0) in the reaction. CuOx species existed on the catalyst surfaces during the CO2RR, which resulted from the adsorption of preliminary intermediates (such as *CO2 and *OCO-) on Cu instead of on the active sites of the catalyst. It was also found that abundant interfaces can be produced on OD-Cu, which can provide heterogeneous CO adsorption sites (strong binding sites and weak binding sites), leading to outstanding performance for obtaining C2+ products. The Faradaic efficiency (FE) for C2+ products reached as high as 83.8% with a current density of 341.5 mA cm(-2) at -0.9 V vs. RHE. Doi:10.1039_d1sc00042j
 the selectivity and activity for C2+ products over CeO2/CuO can be improved simultaneously.&&composite&&Efficient electroreduction of CO2 to C2+ products on CeO2 modified CuO Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 into multicarbon (C2+) products powered by renewable electricity offers one promising method for CO2 utilization and promotes the storage of renewable energy under an ambient environment. However, there is still a dilemma in the manufacture of valuable C2+ products between balancing selectivity and activity. In this work, cerium oxides were combined with CuO (CeO2/CuO) and showed an outstanding catalytic performance for C2+ products. The faradaic efficiency of the C2+ products could reach 75.2% with a current density of 1.21 A cm(-2). In situ experiments and density functional theory (DFT) calculations demonstrated that the interface between CeO2 and Cu and the subsurface Cu2O coexisted in CeO2/CuO during CO2RR and two competing pathways for C-C coupling were promoted separately, of which hydrogenation of *CO to *CHO is energetically favoured. In addition, the introduction of CeO2 also enhanced water activation, which could accelerate the formation rate of *CHO. Thus, the selectivity and activity for C2+ products over CeO2/CuO can be improved simultaneously. Doi:10.1039_d1sc01117k
the combination of electronic and tandem effects accounts for such selectivity. &&composite&&Elucidating the structure-dependent selectivity of CuZn towards methane and ethanol in CO2 electroreduction using tailored Cu/ZnO precatalysts Understanding the catalyst compositional and structural features that control selectivity is of uttermost importance to target desired products in chemical reactions. In this joint experimental-computational work, we leverage tailored Cu/ZnO precatalysts as a material platform to identify the intrinsic features of methane-producing and ethanol-producing CuZn catalysts in the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Specifically, we find that Cu@ZnO nanocrystals, where a central Cu domain is decorated with ZnO domains, and ZnO@Cu nanocrystals, where a central ZnO domain is decorated with Cu domains, evolve into Cu@CuZn core@shell catalysts that are selective for methane (similar to 52%) and ethanol (similar to 39%), respectively. Operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy and various microscopy methods evidence that a higher degree of surface alloying along with a higher concentration of metallic Zn improve the ethanol selectivity. Density functional theory explains that the combination of electronic and tandem effects accounts for such selectivity. These findings mark a step ahead towards understanding structure-property relationships in bimetallic catalysts for the CO2RR and their rational tuning to increase selectivity towards target products, especially alcohols. Doi:10.1039_d1sc04271h
micro-structured dendritic&&structure control&&Unravelling the chemistry of catalyst surfaces and solvents towards C-C bond formation through activation and electrochemical conversion of CO2 into hydrocarbons over micro-structured dendritic copper Herein, we report the results from our study towards understanding the role of electrocatalyst surfaces and solvents (aqueous versus wet organic media) in C-C bond formation on microstructured spheres, polygons, aggregates and dendrites of copper, which is a crucial aspect for the selective and sustainable conversion of CO2 into high energy density hydrocarbons like ethylene. Our results establish that apart from morphology, the crystal orientations and characteristic electrode/electrolyte interfacial physico-chemical aspects significantly affect the electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction (ECR) reaction activity and selectivity of copper electrocatalysts. Moreover, we report that an appropriate combination of catalyst properties and solvent/electrode interface ensures selective electroreduction of CO2 into C1 and C2 hydrocarbons, especially ethylene, over dendritic copper electrocatalysts. We demonstrate that for a given solvent system, the morphology of the electrocatalyst is the sole determinant of its catalytic activity, with elaborate dendritic shape enhancing the ECR reaction irrespective of the solvent used. A detailed account of the electrocatalytic performance, product selectivity, and faradaic efficiency of Cu-electrodeposits for ECR in aqueous medium and wet-organic (DMSO) electrolyte is presented. In aqueous 0.2 M KHCO3 solution, the catalyst exhibits a faradaic efficiency of 43% for ethylene production at -1.0 V vs. RHE and a selectivity of 74% among all the hydrocarbon products. Importantly, the Cu-based electrocatalysts fabricated for the present study inhibit the parasitic hydrogen evolution reaction and production of parallel products, viz. CO, CH4, and C2H6, during the ECR. Our results further establish that C-C coupling for the formation of ethylene is affected by the nano-morphology of the electrocatalyst and the composition of the electrolyte system employed for the electroreduction. Doi:10.1039_d1se01255j
the existing grain boundaries of Cu clusters promoted CO dimerization to produce C2+ materials&&structure control&&Coverage of capping ligands determining the selectivity of multi-carbon products and morphological evolution of Cu nanocatalysts in electrochemical reduction of CO2 Identifying the active sites of Cu nanoparticles that convert CO2 to multi-carbon (C2+) materials has remained elusive. It is caused by the reconstruction of Cu nanoparticles during electrochemical CO2 reduction and the unrevealed effect of capping ligands covering the Cu surface. We show that the C2+ selectivity and morphological evolution of Cu nanoparticles largely depend on the density of the capping ligand, tetradecylphosphonate (TDP). Ultraviolet-ozone pre-treatment of Cu nanoparticles reduced the density of TDP. Desorption of the remaining ligands was expedited within 3 h of the CO2 reduction process, and the concurrent aggregation of NPs formed bare Cu clusters. The increased C2+ selectivity of >50% faradaic efficiency revealed that the existing grain boundaries of Cu clusters promoted CO dimerization to produce C2+ materials. Despite similar cluster formation, Cu nanoparticles without ultraviolet-ozone treatment showed poor C2+ selectivity, suggesting that the remaining TDP, half of the original concentration, passivated the grain boundaries. Further the morphological transformation of Cu did not increase C2+ selectivity even after 20 h of the reaction. Doi:10.1039_d1ta01862k
Fe-Cu diatomic sites &&atomic level dispersion&&Well-defined Fe-Cu diatomic sites for efficient catalysis of CO2 electroreduction The diatomic catalysts (DACs) provide a new strategy for efficient catalysis of CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) owing to their maximum atomic utility and more flexible active sites. However, it is still challenging to precisely design heteronuclear diatomic active centers and understand the coordination mechanism of binary sites at the atomic level. Herein, a nitrogen-doped carbon matrix with precisely controlled Fe-Cu diatom sites is synthesized through a metal-organic framework. The as-obtained Fe/Cu-N-C catalyst exhibits an excellent CO faradaic efficiency (>95% over a wide potential range of -0.4 to -1.1 V vs. RHE, 99.2% at -0.8 V vs. RHE), a high turnover frequency (5047 h(-1) at -1.1 V vs. RHE), and a low overpotential (50 mV), thus outperforming most reported atomically dispersed catalysts. Further density functional theory calculations indicate that the synergy between Fe-Cu diatoms causes rapid charge transfer and effectively adjusts the position of the d-band center, which reduces the energy barriers for *COOH formation and *CO desorption. This work provides a new approach for advancing universal synthesis strategies to construct heteronuclear diatomic catalysts and explore synergistic effects. Doi:10.1039_d1ta02833b
 the effective charge transfer from Cu to P on the partial phosphorus vacancy surface&&defect&&Efficient electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 to syngas for the Fischer-Tropsch process using a partially reduced Cu3P nanowire Electrochemical conversion of CO2 into syngas (CO and H-2) has attracted extensive research studies because it is a promising pathway to produce liquid fuels and industrial chemicals. However, to achieve a high current density at a desired CO/H-2 ratio is still a great challenge although it is extremely important in practical applications. In this work, we developed a partially reduced Cu3P nanowire (R-Cu3P/Cu) by selective phosphating to catalyze the CO2-to-syngas conversion. It is found that R-Cu3P/Cu is highly effective for the conversion with a wide tunable range of the CO/H-2 ratio (0.1-2.24) and high faradaic efficiency (FE, >93%). More importantly, this catalyst exhibits a record current density of 115 and 82.9 mA cm(-2) at the CO/H-2 ratio of 2/5 and 1/2, which are precisely required for Fischer-Tropsch synthesis. Mechanism studies reveal that the effective charge transfer from Cu to P on the partial phosphorus vacancy surface makes Cu3P nanostructures exhibit remarkable activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction by a diatomic activating bimolecular mechanism. Doi:10.1039_d1ta03854k
the doping of antimony achieves the distinct activation of CO2 and suppression of hydrogen evolution&&defect&&Facile synthesis of an antimony-doped Cu/Cu2O catalyst with robust CO production in a broad range of potentials for CO2 electrochemical reduction The electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) on copper-based catalysts is a promising method to produce valuable chemicals, but its selectivity is much lower than expected largely due to insufficient research on the structure of new materials. Herein, the antimony-doped Cu/Cu2O (Cu/Cu2O-Sb) catalyst is developed for a highly selective CO2RR to CO. The synthesized Cu/Cu2O-Sb exhibits intensive suppression of hydrogen evolution, a low overpotential and high faradaic efficiency (FE) towards CO. The CO selectivity is as high as similar to 95% with a partial current density of similar to 6.3 mA cm(-2) at -0.9 V and maintains over 90% in a broad range of potentials. DFT calculations reveal that the doping of antimony achieves the distinct activation of CO2 and suppression of hydrogen evolution. Meanwhile, the pre-adsorbed *CO significantly promotes the desorption of the neighboring *CO, which is the key for high selectivity of CO2RR to CO. This work will provide a new consideration for the origin of high selectivity during the CO2RR and pave the way toward design of highly selective CO2 reduction catalysts. Doi:10.1039_d1ta06181j
alloy &&alloy&&Facile electrochemical synthesis of dilute AuCu alloy nanostructures for selective and long-term stable CO2 electrolysis Electrochemical CO production from CO2 electrolysis has been considered the most economically viable approach among various candidate products. AuCu bimetallic alloys are currently receiving attention for their potential to tailor catalytic activity. Here, we synthesized a dilute AuCu alloy nanostructure with an AuCu atomic composition ratio of 3% by using a simple electrochemical treatment method on a 200 nm-thick Au thin film. The dilute AuCu alloy catalyst shows an exceptional CO2 reduction activity in terms of selectivity and overpotential for CO production. In addition, the stability property is more significantly enhanced as compared to pure Au nanostructures. In addition, we describe an in situ tailoring method of catalytic activity for Au nanostructures by repeating an electrochemical treatment process that is performed for forming the Au nanostructure. This approach will be a promising and facile strategy not only for reactive Au catalysts but also to increase the stability activity simultaneously by utilizing Cu impurities existing in an aqueous electrolyte for CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1063_5.0009340
nanoalloy &&alloy&&Polymer-supported CuPd nanoalloy as a synergistic catalyst for electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide to methane Developing sustainable energy strategies based on CO2 reduction is an increasingly important issue given the world's continued reliance on hydrocarbon fuels and the rise in CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere. An important option is electrochemical or photo-electrochemical CO2 reduction to carbon fuels. We describe here an electrodeposition strategy for preparing highly dispersed, ultrafine metal nanoparticle catalysts on an electroactive polymeric film including nanoalloys of Cu and Pd. Compared with nanoCu catalysts, which are state-of-the-art catalysts for CO2 reduction to hydrocarbons, the bimetallic CuPd nanoalloy catalyst exhibits a greater than twofold enhancement in Faradaic efficiency for CO2 reduction to methane. The origin of the enhancement is suggested to arise from a synergistic reactivity interplay between Pd-H sites and Cu-CO sites during electrochemical CO2 reduction. The polymer substrate also appears to provide a basis for the local concentration of CO2 resulting in the enhancement of catalytic current densities by threefold. The procedure for preparation of the nanoalloy catalyst is straightforward and appears to be generally applicable to the preparation of catalytic electrodes for incorporation into electrolysis devices. Doi:10.1073_pnas.1522496112
an ensemble of Cu nanoparticles (NPs)&&structure control&&Copper nanoparticle ensembles for selective electroreduction of CO2 to C-2-C-3 products Direct conversion of carbon dioxide to multicarbon products remains as a grand challenge in electrochemical CO2 reduction. Various forms of oxidized copper have been demonstrated as electrocatalysts that still require large overpotentials. Here, we show that an ensemble of Cu nanoparticles (NPs) enables selective formation of C-2-C-3 products at low overpotentials. Densely packed Cu NP ensembles underwent structural transformation during electrolysis into electrocatalytically active cube-like particles intermixed with smaller nanoparticles. Ethylene, ethanol, and n-propanol are the major C-2-C-3 products with onset potential at -0.53 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, RHE) and C-2-C-3 faradaic efficiency (FE) reaching 50% at only -0.75 V. Thus, the catalyst exhibits selective generation of C-2-C-3 hydrocarbons and oxygenates at considerably lowered overpotentials in neutral pH aqueous media. In addition, this approach suggests new opportunities in realizing multicarbon product formation from CO2, where the majority of efforts has been to use oxidized copper-based materials. Robust catalytic performance is demonstrated by 10 h of stable operation with C-2-C-3 current density 10 mA/cm(2) (at -0.75 V), rendering it attractive for solar-to-fuel applications. Tafel analysis suggests reductive CO coupling as a rate determining step for C-2 products, while n-propanol (C-3) production seems to have a discrete pathway. Doi:10.1073_pnas.1711493114
copper terephthalate&&atomic level dispersion&&Facile synthesis of two-dimensional copper terephthalate for efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethylene Electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) powered by renewable electricity is reckoned to provide an effective strategy to alleviate environmental issues and energy crisis, enabling a potential carbon neutral economy. To boost the ECR to fuels and value-added chemicals, the design of highly active and selective catalysts is important. In this study, we demonstrate facile ultrasonication-facilitated synthesis of two-dimensional copper terephthalate for efficient ECR. High faradaic efficiencies (FEs) of up to 72.9% for hydrocarbons are achieved at a mild overpotential in an H-type cell. In particular, the FE for ethylene (C2H4) formation approaches 50.0% at an applied potential of -1.1 V (vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode), outperforming commercial Cu, Cu2O, CuO, Cu(OH)(2) and many recently reported Cu-based materials. The C2H4 partial geometric current density is as high as similar to 6.0 mA center dot cm(-2). This work offers a simple avenue to developing advanced electrocatalysts for converting CO2 into high-value hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1080_17458080.2021.1957844
particle size influence (ranging from 25-80 nm)&&structure control&&Tailoring gas-phase CO2 electroreduction selectivity to hydrocarbons at Cu nanoparticles Copper-based surfaces appear as the most active catalysts for CO2 electroreduction to hydrocarbons, even though formation rates and efficiencies still need to be improved. The aim of the present work is to evaluate the continuous gas-phase CO2 electroreduction to hydrocarbons (i.e. ethylene and methane) at copper nanoparticulated-based surfaces, paying attention to particle size influence (ranging from 25-80 nm) on reaction productivity, selectivity, and Faraday efficiency (FE) for CO2 conversion. The effect of the current density and the presence of a microporous layer within the working electrode are then evaluated. Copper-based gas diffusion electrodes are prepared by airbrushing the catalytic ink onto carbon supports, which are then coupled to a cation exchange membrane (Nafion) in a membrane electrode assembly. The results show that the use of smaller copper nanoparticles (25 nm) leads to a higher ethylene production (1148 mu mol m(-2) s(-1)) with a remarkable high FE (92.8%), at the same time, diminishing the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction in terms of FE. This work demonstrates the importance of nanoparticle size on reaction selectivity, which may be of help to design enhanced electrocatalytic materials for CO2 valorization to hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1088_1361-6528_aa994e
Cu/pyrenyl-graphdiyne (Pyr-GDY) composite catalyst&&composite&&Graphdiyne enables Cu nanoparticles for highly selective electroreduction of CO2 to formate Undoped Cu nanoparticles (NPs) generally show poor selectivity and activity for electroreduction of CO2 to formate due to hard desorption of HCOO* intermediate on Cu site. Here we report a Cu/pyrenyl-graphdiyne (Pyr-GDY) composite catalyst, in which Cu2O and CuO NPs were in-situ formed and embedded in the matrix of a two-dimensional (2D) Pyr-GDY, during the synthesis of 2D Pyr-GDY using monolayer graphene covered Cu foil as a template, and copper acetate as a coupling catalyst. Cu2O and CuO NPs in Cu/Pyr-GDY can be electrochemically reduced to cubic metallic CuNPs to get Cu/Pyr-GDY-R electrocatalyst, with the average size of metallic Cu NPs being 42 nm. The Cu/Pyr-GDY-R on Cu foil can be directly used as a highly efficient electrocatalyst for CO2-to-formate conversion in a CO2-saturated 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte, with a formate Faradaic efficiency (FEformate) as high as 95% (at -1.2 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode), far superior to that of Pyr-GDY-free Cu NPs (with a FEformate of only 29%). The key reaction intermediate of HCOO* during CO2-to-formate conversion was identified by in situ Raman spectroscopy. The results of density functional theory calculations revealed that the Pyr-GDY support can decrease the reaction free energy for the adsorption of HCOO* on Cu site, due to the electron transfer from metallic Cu NPs to conjugated diacetylene groups in 2D Pyr-GDY support, which leads to the high selectivity for formate over hydrogen production. Doi:10.1088_2053-1583_ac217b
With the presence of atomically thick ultrastable Cu nanosheets&&structure control&&Ultrastable atomic copper nanosheets for selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide The electrochemical conversion of CO2 and H2O into syngas using renewably generated electricity is an attractive approach to simultaneously achieve chemical fixation of CO2 and storage of renewable energy. Developing cost-effective catalysts for selective electroreduction of CO2 into CO is essential to the practical applications of the approach. We report a simple synthetic strategy for the preparation of ultrathin Cu/Ni(OH)(2) nanosheets as an excellent cost-effective catalyst for the electrochemical conversion of CO2 and H2O into tunable syngas under low overpotentials. These hybrid nanosheets with Cu(0)-enriched surface behave like noble metal nanocatalysts in both air stability and catalysis. Uniquely, Cu(0) within the nanosheets is stable against air oxidation for months because of the presence of formate on their surface. With the presence of atomically thick ultrastable Cu nanosheets, the hybrid Cu/Ni(OH)(2) nanosheets display both excellent activity and selectivity in the electroreduction of CO2 to CO. At a low overpotential of 0.39 V, the nanosheets provide a current density of 4.3 mA/cm(2) with a CO faradaic efficiency of 92%. No decay in the current is observed for more than 22 hours. The catalysts developed in this work are promising for building lowcost CO2 electrolyzers to produce CO. Doi:10.1126_sciadv.1701069
alloy &&alloy&&Pulsed electroreduction of CO2 on Cu-Ag alloy electrodes Highly selective reduction of CO2 to C-2 compounds such as CH3CHO, C2H5OH, and C2H4 has been achieved on CuAg alloy electrodes by pulsed electroreduction. The faradaic efficiencies of C-2 compounds produced on CuAg alloy electrodes were varied with the atomic ratio of Cu to Ag. The total value of faradaic efficiencies for these Ct compounds was 53.2% for the pulsed electroreduction on a CuAg alloy electrode (Cu/Ag = 28/72) with an anodic bias of V-a = -0.4 V and a cathodic bias of V-c = -2.0 V bias Ag/AgCl. It was Found that the formation of an oxide layer on Cu and the desorption of intermediates on AE under anodic bias were I;ey factors for the selective reduction of CO2 to C-2 compounds on CuAg alloy electrodes. (C) 2000 The Electrochemical Society. S0013-4651(99)09-005-9. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1149_1.1393448
the selectivity, the reversibility, and the reactivity for CO or HCOOH production strongly depended on the microcrystalline phase rather than the gross composition of alloys.&&structure control&&DESIGN OF ELECTROCATALYST FOR CO2 REDUCTION .5. EFFECT OF THE MICROCRYSTALLINE STRUCTURES OF CU-SN AND CU-ZN ALLOYS ON THE ELECTROCATALYSIS OF CO2 REDUCTION Electrocatalytic activities of Cu-Sn and Cu-Zn alloys for CO2 reduction were examined in 0.05M KHCO3 aqueous solution at 2-degrees-C. It was found that the selectivity, the reversibility, and the reactivity for CO or HCOOH production strongly depended on the microcrystalline phase rather than the gross composition of alloys. The crystallites of the intermetallic compounds of Cu5.6Sn and Cu5Zn8 were effective phases for the selective formation of CO with a high reaction rate. Doi:10.1149_1.2055059
The electrode types included anodized Cu foil, Cu foil thermally oxidized in air, and air-oxidized Cu electrodeposited on anodized or air-oxidized Ti foil.&&structure control&&ELECTROCHEMICAL REDUCTION OF CO2 AT INTENTIONALLY OXIDIZED COPPER ELECTRODES We observed CO2 reduction to CH3OH at various oxidized copper electrodes at 22-degrees-C. The electrode types included anodized Cu foil, Cu foil thermally oxidized in air, and air-oxidized Cu electrodeposited on anodized or air-oxidized Ti foil. The highest rates to date, 1 x 10(-4) mol cm-2 h-1 (geometrical area), were found using anodized Cu in 0.5M KHCO3, pH = 7.6, and -1.9 V (SCE). Faradaic yields for CH3OH depended on the current and reached about 240%. The onset potential for CH3OH formation was near -0.4 V (SCE). Hydrogen gas and small amounts of CO were also formed. A mechanism is proposed involving chemical reduction steps up to HCO(ad), followed by three hydrogenation steps to CH3OH. Absorption of oxygen by Cu(m) is implied. The stability of p-Cu2O semiconductor films is discussed in terms of breakdown currents due to band-to-band tunneling. The major impurities deposited on the Cu electrode during electrolysis are Zn and Fe at several atom percent each. An 8% level of Cl was found, originating from the HCl etch used to remove the native oxide before thermal oxidation. Doi:10.1149_1.2085411
we examine the yield behavior of an electrodeposited cuprous oxide thin film and explore relationships between surface chemistry and reaction behavior relative to air-oxidized and anodized Cu electrodes&&structure control&&Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to CH3OH at Copper Oxide Surfaces The direct reduction of CO2 to CH3OH is known to occur at several types of electrocatalysts including oxidized Cu electrodes. In this work, we examine the yield behavior of an electrodeposited cuprous oxide thin film and explore relationships between surface chemistry and reaction behavior relative to air-oxidized and anodized Cu electrodes. CH3OH yields (43 mu mol cm(-2) h(-1)) and Faradaic efficiencies (38%) observed at cuprous oxide electrodes were remarkably higher than air-oxidized or anodized Cu electrodes suggesting Cu(I) species may play a critical role in selectivity to CH3OH. Experimental results also show CH3OH yields are dynamic and the copper oxides are reduced to metallic Cu in a simultaneous process. Yield behavior is discussed in comparison with photoelectrochemical and hydrogenation reactions where the improved stability of Cu(I) species may allow continuous CH3OH generation. (C) 2011 The Electrochemical Society. [DOI: 10.1149/1.3561636] All rights reserved. Doi:10.1149_1.3561636
dispersed reaction sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Using a Copper Rubeanate Metal Organic Framework We synthesized a copper rubeanate metal organic framework (CR-MOF) which has the potential to improve the catalytic activity of electrochemical reduction of CO2 due to its characteristics of electronic conductivity, proton conductivity, dispersed reaction sites, and nanopores. Synthesized CR-MOF particles were dropped on carbon paper (CP) to form a working electrode. The onset potential for CO2 reduction of a CR-MOF electrode was about 0.2 V more positive than that observed on a Cu metal electrode in an aqueous electrolyte solution. Our analysis of the reduction products during potentiostatic electrolysis showed formic acid (HCOOH) to be virtually the only CO2 reduction product on a CR-MOF electrode, whereas a Cu metal electrode generates a range of products. The quantity of products from the CR-MOF electrode was markedly greater (13-fold at -1.2 V vs. SHE) than that of a Cu metal electrode. Its stability was also confirmed. (c) 2012 The Electrochemical Society. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1149_2.001204eel
Nanocluster&&atomic level dispersion&&Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 at Cu Nanocluster/(10(1)over-bar0) ZnO Electrodes The electrochemical reduction of CO2 in aqueous bicarbonate electrolytes is studied using Cu nanoclusters on single crystal 10 (1) over bar0 ZnO electrodes. Cu is known to generate methane as a primary product in electrochemical reduction reactions while the combination of Cu and ZnO produces methanol in gas-phase synthesis reactions. In reduction experiments at -1.4 V versus Ag/AgCl, gas phase products include hydrogen, carbon monoxide, methane and ethylene and liquid phase products include methanol, ethanol, formate, methyl formate and trace levels of propanol. faradaic efficiencies of Cu/ZnO electrodes are similar relative to Cu electrodes with the exception of alcohols where selectivity is improved by an order or magnitude. In-situ FTIR analysis shows several liquid-phase products along with methoxy and formate adsorbates. The nature of the improved alcohol selectivity and intermediates are considered relative to proposed mechanisms and results from this work. (C) 2013 The Electrochemical Society. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1149_2.105311jes
a rougher surface, a smaller electron transport resistance, and a larger electrochemical surface area than others, exhibiting the best catalytic activity&&structure control&&CO2-to-Formate Conversion by Pulse Electrodeposited Sn on Cu Electrode Tin was electrodeposited for the first time on copper electrode with different pulse current densities and cycle times. The optimized one (namely CuSn(30-12C)) has a rougher surface, a smaller electron transport resistance, and a larger electrochemical surface area than others, exhibiting the best catalytic activity, a faster Faraday process, and the highest selectivity for the production of HCOO(-)in ERCO2. At -1.6 V vs SCE, a HCOO(-)Faraday efficiency of 84.5% was achieved and the current density was 45.4 mA cm(-2)at -2.0 V vs SCE. In addition, this optimized electrode also has a catalytic stability of up to 23 h. Doi:10.1149_1945-7111_ab9eb4
their oxygen vacancies (V-o) defects&&defect&&Regeneration of Catalytic Activity of CuO-Cu2O/In2O3 Nanocomposite towards Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 by UV Light Treatment The deactivation of the electrocatalysts due to aging remains an issue, even though many electrocatalysts with very high faradaic efficiency (FE) have been developed. In the present work, we have put forth a facile approach for the regeneration of aged CuO-Cu2O/In2O3 nanocomposite along with a possible mechanism for the regeneration of activity of aged catalysts towards electrochemical reduction by regaining their oxygen vacancies (V-o) defects concentration by ultra-violet (UV) light treatment. The photoluminescence (PL), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), and electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERC) measurements suggest that the decline in CO faradaic efficiency (FECO) can be attributed to the increase in V-o concentration beyond an optimum level upon aging. From the state-of-the-art combined experimental and theoretical investigation, we conclude that the regeneration of the active sites in the aged electrocatalysts by UV light treatment helps in regaining the electrocatalytic activity towards ERC. Doi:10.1149_1945-7111_ac0a26
nanoporous copper &&structure control&&Effect of Dealloying Time and Post-Annealing on the Surface Morphology and Electrocatalytic Behavior of Nanoporous Copper Films for CO2 Reduction Reaction Electrocatalytic reduction reaction of CO2 (CO2RR) is one of the promising routes to mitigate global warming via transforming greenhouse gas into valuable chemical feedstocks. By adding proper electrocatalysts, such as nanoporous copper (NPC) with an average ligament size of 37 +/- 6 nm, hydrocarbons could be produced at a relatively low overpotential. As the dealloying time increased to 156 h, the NPC was transformed into CuO nanosheet structure, which yielded larger electrochemical surface area (ECSA) and current density than the as-prepared NPC films. However, the Faraday efficiency (FE) of the major conversion product, formic acid (HCOOH), decreased from 29 to 8% when the nanosheet structure was used as electrocatalyst. On the other hand, the surface morphology of the NPC films remained similar while the average ligament size increased from 37 to 63 nm after a post-annealing treatment at 500 degrees C for 4 h. Both the current density and ECSA of this post-annealed NPC film were nearly 3 times higher than those of as-prepared NPC film, and the FE toward HCOOH increased from 29 to 45%. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and Raman spectroscopy revealed that Cu2O were present on the nanoporous structure, which enhanced the selectivity and FE toward HCOOH in CO2RR. (C) 2021 The Electrochemical Society ("ECS"). Published on behalf of ECS by IOP Publishing Limited. Doi:10.1149_1945-7111_ac393c
unique structure of Cu3P&&structure control&&Cu3P/C Nanocomposites for Efficient Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction and Zn-CO2 Battery Exploiting effective electrocatalysts toward electrochemical conversion of CO2 into valued-added chemicals is highly desirable for achieving the global carbon cycle. In this work, we report the synthesis of Cu3P/C nanocomposites by phosphatizing the copper-based metal organic framework precursor. Systematic electrochemical characterizations demonstrate the Cu3P/C nanocomposites hold high activity and favorable selectivity towards CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) into CO, as manifested by an onset potential is about -0.25 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) and a faradic efficiency (FE) of 47% for CO production at a relatively low potential (-0.3 V). The attractive catalytic properties might be attributed to the synergistic effect of cooper and phosphorus elements, as well as the unique structure of Cu3P. Furthermore, we propose an asymmetrical-electrolyte Zn-CO2 battery with the Cu3P/C as cathode catalyst, demonstrating a decent performance with an open-circuit voltage of 1.5 V and a power density of 2.6 mW cm(-2) (at 10 mA cm(-2)). Doi:10.1166_jnn.2019.16589
the deposition of Cu nanoparticles (3-60 nm) on CNTs.&&structure control&&Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide over CNT-Supported Nanoscale Copper Electrocatalysts This paper presents the experimental investigation of copper loaded carbon nanotubes (CNTs) electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide. The electrocatalysts were synthesized by homogeneous deposition precipitation method (HDP) using urea as precipitating agent. The prepared catalysts were characterized by TEM, SEM, XRD, XPS, BET, and FTIR for their morphology and structure. Characterization results confirm the deposition of Cu nanoparticles (3-60 nm) on CNTs. Linear sweep voltammetry (LSV) and chronoamperometry (CA) were used to investigate the activity of the as-prepared catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide. The electrocatalysts reduced CO2 with high current density in the potential range 0 similar to-3V versus SCE (standard calomel electrode). Among all catalysts tested, 20 wt. % copper loaded CNTs showed maximum activity. Gas chromatograph with TCD was used to analyze liquid phase composition. The faradaic efficiency for methanol formation was estimated to be 38.5%. Doi:10.1155_2014_374318
the influence of the chemical etchant on the Cu surface morphology as well as the product selectivity by CO2ERR&&structure control&&Etchant-induced Selective Hydrocarbon Formation on Copper Electrodes by Electrochemical Reduction Reaction of Carbon Dioxide The surface structure of copper (Cu) electrodes is a key factor determining product selectivity during electrochemical reduction reaction of carbon dioxide (CO2ERR). We investigated the influence of the chemical etchant on the Cu surface morphology as well as the product selectivity by CO2ERR. The hydrocarbon selectivity in CO2ERR was strongly dependent on the chemical etchant. Moreover, the construction of Cu surface for enhanced ethylene (C2H4) formation was also achieved by chemical etching treatment. Doi:10.1246_cl.200365
Cu2O/polyaniline (PANI)/stainless steel composite electrode&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 on a Cu2O/polyaniline/stainless steel based electrode Reduction of CO2 into useful fuels is regarded as a new way to deal with increasing CO2 emissions and its bad effects on climate. In this report, simple electrochemical oxidation-reduction method has been utilized to prepare Cu2O/polyaniline (PANI)/stainless steel composite electrode, which was identified as a contributor for CO2 reduction in an aqueous solution. X-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscope (TEM) and cyclic voltammetry technique were carried out to characterize the as-obtained electrode. As-synthesized composite electrode exhibited excellent electrocatalytic activity. The production of formaldehyde that comes from the reduction of CO2 using Cu2O/PANI/stainless steel based electrode (Cu2O/PANI/stainless steel) in 0.1 mol/L sodium sulfate solution is 0.505 mu mol.L-1.h(-1) approximately. Doi:10.1515_jaots-2016-0187
Composite copper oxide-copper bromide films&&composite&&Composite copper oxide-copper bromide films for the selective electroreduction of carbon dioxide Composite copper oxide-copper bromide films were electrodeposited on gas diffusion layer (GDL) supports under controlled potential from aqueous copper salt solutions in the presence of a complexing/surfactant agent such as lactate. The solution pH was adjusted to target simultaneous deposition of cubic nanostructures composed of copper, oxygen, and bromine elements. The film composition and morphology were carefully tuned for enhanced electrochemical conversion of CO2 to hydrocarbons. Hydrocarbon products, predominantly ethylene and minor amounts of methane, ethane, and propylene were observed along with inevitable H-2 co-generation. Importantly, CO gas was not detected during CO2 electrolyses. Low temperatures (3-5 degrees C) enhanced the conversion of CO intermediate to C2H4. The durability and electroactivity of these composite films were maintained for extended periods (up to 10 h) of CO2 electrolysis by periodic in situ application of anodic pulses to regenerate the cathode surface. Doi:10.1557_jmr.2017.134
The high efficiency towards CO2 electroreduction to ethanol may be attributed to the synergistic effect of Cu and TiO2 NPs.&&composite&&Electroreduction of CO2 into Ethanol over an Active Catalyst: Copper Supported on Titania A simple, inexpensive, and novel method was used to prepare electrocatalysts from Cu supported on titanium dioxide (Cu/TiO2). XRD, SEM, and TEM characterizations confirmed different loadings of Cu nanoparticles (NPs) on TiO2. Cyclic voltammetry tests indicated that Cu/TiO2 exhibited lower overpotential for CO2 reduction than that of Cu NPs. Moreover, 40 wt % Cu/TiO2 exhibited the highest faradaic efficiency for ethanol (FEethanol) of 27.4%, which is approximately 10-fold higher than that for Cu NPs (FEethanol = 2.7%). The 40 wt % Cu/TiO2 electrocatalyst exhibits a stable current density of 8.66 mA/cm(2) over a 25 h stability test. The high efficiency towards CO2 electroreduction to ethanol may be attributed to the synergistic effect of Cu and TiO2 NPs. This work highlights the importance of compositional effect of NPs on their catalytic activities and provides a strategy for designing efficient catalysts for CO2 electroreduction in the future. Doi:10.3390_catal7070220
nano-structured &&structure control&&Reactivity of Copper Electrodes towards Functional Groups and Small Molecules in the Context of CO2 Electro-Reductions The direct electro-reduction of CO2 to functional molecules like ethene is a highly desirable variant of CO2 utilization. The formation of, for example, ethene from CO2 is a multistep electrochemical process going through various intermediates. As these intermediates are organic species, the CO2 reducing electro-catalyst has to be competent for a variety of organic functional group transformations to yield the final product. In this work, the activity of an in situ-grown nano-structured copper catalyst towards a variety of organic functional group conversions was studied. The model reagents were selected from the product spectrum of actual CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) experiments and from proposals in the literature. The CO2 bulk electrolysis benchmark was conducted at 170 mAcm(-2) current density with up to 43% Faradaic Efficiency (FE) for ethene and 23% FE for ethanol simultaneously. To assure relevance for application-oriented conditions, the reactivity screening was conducted at elevated current densities and, thus, overpotentials. The found reactivity pattern was then also transferred to the CO reduction reaction (CORR) under benchmark conditions yielding additional insights. The results suggest that at high current density/high overpotential conditions, also other ethene formation pathways apart from acetaldehyde reduction such as CH2 dimerization are present. A new suggestion for a high current density mechanism will be presented, which is in agreement with the experimental observations and the found activity pattern of copper cathodes toward organic functional group conversion. Doi:10.3390_catal7050161
The high electrochemical activity for ECR to C-2 products was attributed to the synergetic effects of the ZnO core and Cu2O shell&&structure control&&Core-Shell ZnO@Cu2O as Catalyst to Enhance the Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to C-2 Products The copper-based catalyst is considered to be the only catalyst for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to produce a variety of hydrocarbons, but its low selectivity and low current density to C-2 products restrict its development. Herein, a core-shell xZnO@yCu(2)O catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction was fabricated via a two-step route. The high selectivity of C-2 products of 49.8% on ZnO@4Cu(2)O (ethylene 33.5%, ethanol 16.3%) with an excellent total current density of 140.1 mA cm(-2) was achieved over this core-shell structure catalyst in a flow cell, in which the C-2 selectivity was twice that of Cu2O. The high electrochemical activity for ECR to C-2 products was attributed to the synergetic effects of the ZnO core and Cu2O shell, which not only enhanced the selectivity of the coordinating electron, improved the HER overpotential, and fastened the electron transfer, but also promoted the multielectron involved kinetics for ethylene and ethanol production. This work provides some new insights into the design of highly efficient Cu-based electrocatalysts for enhancing the selectivity of electrochemical CO2 reduction to produce high-value C-2 products. Doi:10.3390_catal11050535
The materials prepared by the use of different DES, copper precursors and calcination times were used as electrocatalysts for the electrochemical CO2 reduction&&structure control&&Enhanced C2 and C3 Product Selectivity in Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on Carbon-Doped Copper Oxide Catalysts Prepared by Deep Eutectic Solvent Calcination Copper and its oxides are the main catalyst materials able to promote the formation of hydrocarbons from the electrocatalytic CO2 conversion. Herein, we describe a novel preparation method for carbon-doped copper oxide catalysts based on an oxidative thermal treatment of copper-containing deep eutectic solvents (DES). XRD and EDX analysis of the samples show that thermal treatment at 500 degrees C in air for a prolonged time (60 min) provides exclusively carbon-doped copper(II) oxide catalysts, whereas shorter calcination time leads to a mixture of less oxidized forms of copper (Cu2O and Cu-0), CuO, and a higher carbon content from the DES. Chronoamperometry of the electrode containing the prepared materials in 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte show the reduction of CuO to less oxidized copper species. The materials prepared by the use of different DES, copper precursors and calcination times were used as electrocatalysts for the electrochemical CO2 reduction. Chemical analysis of the products reveals an enhanced selectivity toward C2 and C3 products for the catalyst prepared from the DES galactose-urea with copper nanoparticles and calcination for 60 min in air. The electrocatalytic activity of the prepared materials were compared to commercial CuO and showed a higher product concentration at -1.7 V vs. Ag/AgCl, with formation rates of 7.4, 6.0, and 10.4 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2) for ethanol, n-propanol, and ethylene, respectively. Doi:10.3390_catal11050542
Copper hollow fibers&&structure control&&Optimizing Temperature Treatment of Copper Hollow Fibers for the Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to CO Copper hollow fibers were prepared via dry-wet spinning of a polymer solution of N-methylpyrrolidone, Polyetherimide, Polyvinyl Pyrolidone, and copper particles of sizes in the range of 1-2 mu m. To remove template molecules and to sinter the copper particles, the time of calcination was varied in a range of 1-4 h at 600 degrees C. This calcination temperature was determined based on Thermal Gravimetric Analysis (TGA), showing completion of hydrocarbon removal at this temperature. Furthermore, the temperature of the subsequent treatment of the fibers in a flow of 4% H-2 (in Ar) was varied in the range of 200 degrees C to 400 degrees C, at a fixed time of 1 h. Temperature programmed reduction experiments (TPR) were used to analyze the hydrogen treatment. The Faradaic Efficiency (FE) towards CO in electrochemical reduction of CO2 was determined at -0.45 V vs. RHE (Reversible Hydrogen Electrode), using a 0.3 M KHCO3 electrolyte. A calcination time of 3 h at 600 degrees C and a hydrogen treatment temperature of 280 degrees C were found to induce the highest FE to CO of 73% at these constant electrochemical conditions. Optimizing oxidation properties is discussed to likely affect porosity, favoring the CO2 gas distribution over the length of the fiber, and hence the CO2 reduction efficiency. Treatment in H-2 in the range of 250 to 300 degrees C is proposed to affect the content of residual (subsurface) oxygen in Cu, which leads to favorable properties on the nanoscale. Doi:10.3390_catal11050571
Alloys &&alloy&&Copper-Tin Alloys for the Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 in an Imidazolium-Based Non-Aqueous Electrolyte The ability to synthesize value-added chemicals directly from CO2 will be an important technological advancement for future generations. Using solar energy to drive thermodynamically uphill electrochemical reactions allows for near carbon-neutral processes that can convert CO2 into energy-rich carbon-based fuels. Here, we report on the use of inexpensive CuSn alloys to convert CO2 into CO in an acetonitrile/imidazolium-based electrolyte. Synergistic interactions between the CuSn catalyst and the imidazolium cation enables the electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 into CO at -1.65 V versus the standard calomel electrode (SCE). This catalyst system is characterized by overpotentials for CO2 reduction that are similar to more expensive Au- and Ag-based catalysts, and also shows that the efficacy of the CO2 reduction reaction can be tuned by varying the CuSn ratio. Doi:10.3390_en12163132
higher specific surface area&&structure control&&Electrodeposited Copper Nanocatalysts for CO2 Electroreduction: Effect of Electrodeposition Conditions on Catalysts' Morphology and Selectivity Catalytic electroreduction of carbon dioxide represents a promising technology both to reduce CO2 emissions and to store electrical energy from discontinuous sources. In this work, electrochemical deposition of copper on to a gas-diffusion support was tested as a scalable and versatile nanosynthesis technique for the production of catalytic electrodes for CO2 electroreduction. The effect of deposition current density and additives (DAT, DTAB, PEG) on the catalysts' structure was evaluated. The selectivity of the synthesized catalysts towards the production of CO was evaluated by analyzing the gaseous products obtained using the catalysts as cathodes in electroreduction tests. Catalyst morphology was deeply influenced by the deposition additives. Copper nanospheres, hemispherical microaggregates of nanowires, and shapeless structures were electrodeposited in the presence of dodecyltrimethylammonium bromide (DTAB), 3,5-diamino-1,2,4-triazole (DAT) and polyethylene glycol (PEG), respectively. The effect of the deposition current density on catalyst morphology was also observed and it was found to be additive-specific. DTAB nanostructured electrodes showed the highest selectivity towards CO production, probably attributable to a higher specific surface area. EDX and XPS analysis disclosed the presence of residual DAT and DTAB uniformly distributed onto the catalysts structure. No significant effects of electrodeposition current density and Cu(I)/Cu(II) ratio on the selectivity towards CO were found. In particular, DTAB and DAT electrodes yielded comparable selectivity, although they were characterized by the highest and lowest Cu(I)/Cu(II) ratio, respectively. Doi:10.3390_en14165012
 High-Curvature&&structure control&&Operando Synthesis of High-Curvature Copper Thin Films for CO2 Electroreduction As the sole metal that could reduce CO2 to substantial amounts of hydrocarbons, Cu plays an important role in electrochemical CO2 reduction, despite its low energy efficiency. Surface morphology modification is an effective method to improve its reaction activity and selectivity. Different from the pretreated modification method, in which the catalysts self-reconstruction process was ignored, we present operando synthesis by simultaneous electro-dissolution and electro-redeposition of copper during the CO2 electroreduction process. Through controlling the cathodic potential and CO2 flow rate, various high-curvature morphologies including microclusters, microspheres, nanoneedles, and nanowhiskers have been obtained, for which the real-time activity and product distribution is analyzed. The best CO2 electro-reduction activity and favored C2H4 generation activity, with around 10% faradic efficiency, can be realized through extensively distributed copper nanowhiskers synthesized under 40 mL/min flow rate and -2.1 V potential. Doi:10.3390_ma12040602
 in situ deposition of copper through reduction of copper lactate complexes present in the electrolyte provides new, stable, and selective active sites&&structure control&&In Situ Regeneration of Copper-Coated Gas Diffusion Electrodes for Electroreduction of CO2 to Ethylene A key challenge for carbon dioxide reduction on Cu-based catalysts is its low faradic efficiency (FE) and selectivity towards higher-value products, e.g., ethylene. The main factor limiting the possibilities of long-term applications of Cu-based gas diffusion electrodes (GDE) is a relatively fast drop in the catalytic activity of copper layers. One of the solutions to the catalyst stability problem may be an in situ reconstruction of the catalyst during the process. It was observed that the addition of a small amount of copper lactate to the electrolyte results in increased Faradaic efficiency for ethylene formation. Moreover, the addition of copper lactate increases the lifetime of the catalytic layer ca. two times and stabilizes the Faradaic efficiency of the electroreduction of CO2 to ethylene at ca. 30%. It can be concluded that in situ deposition of copper through reduction of copper lactate complexes present in the electrolyte provides new, stable, and selective active sites, promoting the reduction of CO2 to ethylene. Doi:10.3390_ma14123171
we report the cuprous oxide (Cu2O) nanocubes cooperated with silver (Ag) nanoparticles via the replacement reaction for a synergetic CO2RR&&composite&&Cu2O-Ag Tandem Catalysts for Selective Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to C-2 Products The electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) to C-2 chemicals has received great attention. Here, we report the cuprous oxide (Cu2O) nanocubes cooperated with silver (Ag) nanoparticles via the replacement reaction for a synergetic CO2RR. The Cu2O-Ag tandem catalyst exhibits an impressive Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 72.85% for C-2 products with a partial current density of 243.32 mA center dot cm(-2). The electrochemical experiments and density functional theory (DFT) calculations reveal that the introduction of Ag improves the intermediate CO concentration on the catalyst surface and meanwhile reduces the C-C coupling reaction barrier energy, which is favorable for the synthesis of C-2 products. Doi:10.3390_molecules26082175
sodium pectate complex of copper &&atomic level dispersion&&A Water-Soluble Sodium Pectate Complex with Copper as an Electrochemical Catalyst for Carbon Dioxide Reduction A selective noble-metal-free molecular catalyst has emerged as a fruitful approach in the quest for designing efficient and stable catalytic materials for CO2 reduction. In this work, we report that a sodium pectate complex of copper (PG-NaCu) proved to be highly active in the electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 to CH4 in water. Stability and selectivity of conversion of CO2 to CH4 as a product at a glassy carbon electrode were discovered. The copper complex PG-NaCu was synthesized and characterized by physicochemical methods. The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) proceeds at -1.5 V vs. Ag/AgCl at similar to 10 mA/cm(2) current densities in the presence of the catalyst. The current density decreases by less than 20% within 12 h of electrolysis (the main decrease occurs in the first 3 h of electrolysis in the presence of CO2). This copper pectate complex (PG-NaCu) combines the advantages of heterogeneous and homogeneous catalysts, the stability of heterogeneous solid materials and the performance (high activity and selectivity) of molecular catalysts. Doi:10.3390_molecules26185524
which could be ascribed to the incorporation of Ag into Cu nanowires leading to suppression of hydrogen evolution&&alloy&&Copper-Silver Bimetallic Nanowire Arrays for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide The electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into gaseous or liquid fuels has the potential to store renewable energies and reduce carbon emissions. Here, we report a three-step synthesis using Cu-Ag bimetallic nanowire arrays as catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2. CuO/Cu2O nanowires were first grown by thermal oxidation of copper mesh in ambient air and then reduced by annealing in the presence of hydrogen to form Cu nanowires. Cu-Ag bimetallic nanowires were then produced via galvanic replacement between Cu nanowires and the Ag+ precursor. The Cu-Ag nanowires showed enhanced catalytic performance over Cu nanowires for electrochemical reduction of CO2, which could be ascribed to the incorporation of Ag into Cu nanowires leading to suppression of hydrogen evolution. Our work provides a method for tuning the selectivity of copper nanocatalysts for CO2 reduction by controlling their composition. Doi:10.3390_nano9020173
dendritic structures&&structure control&&Effect of the Nanostructured Zn/Cu Electrocatalyst Morphology on the Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Value-Added Chemicals Zn/Cu electrocatalysts were synthesized by the electrodeposition method with various bath compositions and deposition times. X-ray diffraction results confirmed the presence of (101) and (002) lattice structures for all the deposited Zn nanoparticles. However, a bulky (hexagonal) structure with particle size in the range of 1-10 mu m was obtained from a high-Zn-concentration bath, whereas a fern-like dendritic structure was produced using a low Zn concentration. A larger particle size of Zn dendrites could also be obtained when Cu2+ ions were added to the high-Zn-concentration bath. The catalysts were tested in the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) using an H-cell type reactor under ambient conditions. Despite the different sizes/shapes, the CO2RR products obtained on the nanostructured Zn catalysts depended largely on their morphologies. All the dendritic structures led to high CO production rates, while the bulky Zn structure produced formate as the major product, with limited amounts of gaseous CO and H-2. The highest CO/H-2 production rate ratio of 4.7 and a stable CO production rate of 3.55 mu mol/min were obtained over the dendritic structure of the Zn/Cu-Na200 catalyst at -1.6 V vs. Ag/AgCl during 4 h CO2RR. The dissolution and re-deposition of Zn nanoparticles occurred but did not affect the activity and selectivity in the CO2RR of the electrodeposited Zn catalysts. The present results show the possibilities to enhance the activity and to control the selectivity of CO2RR products on nanostructured Zn catalysts. Doi:10.3390_nano11071671
the possibilities to enhance the activity and to control the selectivity of CO2RR products on nanostructured Zn catalysts&&structure control&&Effect of the Nanostructured Zn/Cu Electrocatalyst Morphology on the Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Value-Added Chemicals Zn/Cu electrocatalysts were synthesized by the electrodeposition method with various bath compositions and deposition times. X-ray diffraction results confirmed the presence of (101) and (002) lattice structures for all the deposited Zn nanoparticles. However, a bulky (hexagonal) structure with particle size in the range of 1-10 mu m was obtained from a high-Zn-concentration bath, whereas a fern-like dendritic structure was produced using a low Zn concentration. A larger particle size of Zn dendrites could also be obtained when Cu2+ ions were added to the high-Zn-concentration bath. The catalysts were tested in the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) using an H-cell type reactor under ambient conditions. Despite the different sizes/shapes, the CO2RR products obtained on the nanostructured Zn catalysts depended largely on their morphologies. All the dendritic structures led to high CO production rates, while the bulky Zn structure produced formate as the major product, with limited amounts of gaseous CO and H-2. The highest CO/H-2 production rate ratio of 4.7 and a stable CO production rate of 3.55 mu mol/min were obtained over the dendritic structure of the Zn/Cu-Na200 catalyst at -1.6 V vs. Ag/AgCl during 4 h CO2RR. The dissolution and re-deposition of Zn nanoparticles occurred but did not affect the activity and selectivity in the CO2RR of the electrodeposited Zn catalysts. The present results show the possibilities to enhance the activity and to control the selectivity of CO2RR products on nanostructured Zn catalysts. Doi:10.3390_nano11071671
 Nanopyramidal Mesoporous Materials&&structure control&&CuZnAl-Oxide Nanopyramidal Mesoporous Materials for the Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to Syngas: Tuning of H-2/CO Ratio Inspired by the knowledge of the thermocatalytic CO2 reduction process, novel nanocrystalline CuZnAl-oxide based catalysts with pyramidal mesoporous structures are here proposed for the CO2 electrochemical reduction under ambient conditions. The XPS analyses revealed that the co-presence of ZnO and Al2O3 into the Cu-based catalyst stabilize the CuO crystalline structure and introduce basic sites on the ternary as-synthesized catalyst. In contrast, the as-prepared CuZn- and Cu-based materials contain a higher amount of superficial Cu-0 and Cu1+ species. The CuZnAl-catalyst exhibited enhanced catalytic performance for the CO and H-2 production, reaching a Faradaic efficiency (FE) towards syngas of almost 95% at -0.89 V vs. RHE and a remarkable current density of up to 90 mA cm(-2) for the CO2 reduction at -2.4 V vs. RHE. The physico-chemical characterizations confirmed that the pyramidal mesoporous structure of this material, which is constituted by a high pore volume and small CuO crystals, plays a fundamental role in its low diffusional mass-transfer resistance. The CO-productivity on the CuZnAl-catalyst increased at more negative applied potentials, leading to the production of syngas with a tunable H-2/CO ratio (from 2 to 7), depending on the applied potential. These results pave the way to substitute state-of-the-art noble metals (e.g., Ag, Au) with this abundant and cost-effective catalyst to produce syngas. Moreover, the post-reaction analyses demonstrated the stabilization of Cu2O species, avoiding its complete reduction to Cu-0 under the CO2 electroreduction conditions. Doi:10.3390_nano11113052
nanostructured Cu2S on Cu-foam&&structure control&&Cu2S on Cu Foam as Highly Efficient Electrocatalyst for Reduction of CO2 to Formic Acid The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to HCOOH is an interesting topic and the efficiency usually depends strongly on the materials of the electrodes. Herein, nanostructured Cu2S on Cu-foam was prepared by electro-deposition method and characterized by means of scanning electron microscope (SEM) and X-ray diffraction (XRD). The Cu2S/Cu-foam electrode was used for the first time in the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to HCOOH, and acetonitrile (MeCN) with 0.5 mol . 1-butyl-3methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (BmimBF(4)) was used as the electrolyte. It was demonstrated that the electrolysis system was very efficient for the electrochemical reaction, and faradaic efficiency of HCOOH (FEFicooH) and reduction current density could reach 85% and 5.3 mA. cm(-2), respectively. Doi:10.3866_PKU.WHXB201512101
The performance of Cu2O/ILGS in the catalytic electroreduction of carbon dioxide was attributed to the stabilization of the Cu2O nanoparticles by the nest-like microstructures in the Cu2O/ILGS composite&&composite&&Catalytic Electroreduction of CO2 to C2H4 Using Cu2O Supported on 1-Octyl-3-methylimidazole Functionalized Graphite Sheets The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to C2H4 is a topic of great interest. It is known that the preparation of efficient catalysts for this transformation is the key factor that determines the yield of C2H4. In this study, we prepared 1-octyl-3-methylimidazole functionalized graphite sheets (ILGS) in a facile manner by the electro-exfoliation of pure graphite rod in an aqueous solution of 1-octyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride (OmimCl : H2O = 1 : 5, V/V) at 10 V. They were then dispersed in an aqueous solution of copper chloride and sodium citrate. Subsequent reduction with sodium borohydride led to the formation of a composite comprised of cuprous oxide supported on Omimfunctionalized graphite sheets (Cu2O/ILGS). This composite was found to be an efficient catalyst for the electroreduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene. The as-made materials were characterized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), Raman spectroscopy, and X-ray diffraction (XRD). The TEM images showed that the ILGS were composed of multiple layers of graphene. The XRD pattern and Raman spectrum indicated that the surface of the ILGS possessed several defects. In the electro-exfoliation process, the defects in the ILGS were modified in situ by covalent bonding with Omim groups, which was also confirmed by XPS. The Cu2O nanoparticles with an average diameter of 5 nm were uniformly distributed on the surface of the ILGS because the Omim groups grafted to the graphite sheets acted as anchors and prevented their aggregation by the steric effect. The electrocatalytic activities of Cu2O/ILGS for CO2 reduction were measured at different voltages in 0.1 mol L-1 KHCO3 aqueous solution under ambient temperature and pressure. These experiments showed that the catalytic performance of the Cu2O/ILGS composite was determined by cuprous oxide, while the ILGS displayed nearly no catalytic activity in the electroreduction of carbon dioxide. The faradaic efficiency of hydrogen and carbon dioxide reduction products changed with the reaction time because of the reduction of Cu2O to Cu under the electroreduction conditions. The faradaic efficiency of ethylene was -14.8% at -1.3 V (versus reversible hydrogen electrode). The performance of Cu2O/ILGS in the catalytic electroreduction of carbon dioxide was attributed to the stabilization of the Cu2O nanoparticles by the nest-like microstructures in the Cu2O/ILGS composite. Doi:10.3866_PKU.WHXB201801263
anchor Cu2O/Cu on nitrogen doped porous carbon&&structure control&&Cu-Based Catalyst Derived from Nitrogen-Containing Metal Organic Frameworks for Electroreduction of CO2 With the development of human society and economy, the demand for energy resources has also increased rapidly. However, the use of traditional fossil energy leads to high amounts of carbon dioxide emissions, causing severe greenhouse effects. This, in turn, triggers a series of environmental problems. Harnessing renewable energy such as solar energy, wind energy, and hydropower to replace the traditional energy sources is very urgent. Conversion CO2 into value-added fuels and chemicals could be a useful strategy to mitigate the current energy and environmental crisis. It is well known that Cu-based materials are good electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ECR-CO2). However, they suffer from some disadvantages such as high overpotential and poor selectivity and durability. Therefore, the development of copper based electrocatalysts with high activity and selectivity is essential. Metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) materials that have the advantages of large specific surface area, tunable pore size and porosity, and highly dispersed unsaturated metal centers can be used as electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction or as precursors for further preparation of catalysts with excellent performance. Through thermal decomposition in an inert atmosphere, metal ions in MOF can be transformed into metal clusters, metal oxides, or even metal mono-atoms. Meanwhile, organic ligands are carbonized into porous carbon materials. The addition of some heteroatoms such as B, N, P, and S to carbon materials has also been shown to be effective in changing the electron state and coordination structure of the catalysts. These heteroatoms combine with carbon atoms to form a new active site, denoted as M-X-C (M is the central metal ion and X is the mixed heteroatom) to enhance the catalytic activity of the ECR-CO2. Herein, pre-synthesized Cu-NBDC MOF (a Cu-based MOF synthesized by using 2-aminoterephthalic acid (NBDC) as ligand) is used as a precursor to anchor Cu2O/Cu on nitrogen doped porous carbon (Cu2O/Cu@NC) by annealing at different temperatures. XPS analysis shows that the Cu-N content in Cu2O/Cu@NC decreases with increasing annealing temperature. Investigation of the ECR-CO2 reveals that Cu2O/Cu@NC can inhibit the HER more effectively compared to Cu2O/Cu@C, thereby improving the overall catalytic activity and multi-electron product selectivity of the ECR-CO2. While the Faradic efficiency of formate (FEformate) increases with increasing temperature, those of ethylene and methane (FEC2H4 and FECH4, respectively) decreases with increasing temperature. Specifically, upon annealing at 400 degrees C, the CO2 Faradic efficiency of Cu2O/Cu@NC-400 is higher than 86% (-1.4 to -1.6 V vs. RHE), including 20.4% of FEC2H4 (-1.4 V vs. RHE) and 23.9% of FECH4 (-1.6 V vs. RHE). By contrast, FECH4 (-1.6 V vs. RHE) in the presence of Cu2O/Cu@C-400 without nitrogen doping is only 2.33%, and no C2H4 is detected. These significant differences in the catalytic behavior can be attributed to the fact that Cu-N is conducive for the stable adsorption of the *CH2 intermediate during the ECR-CO2, inhibiting the evolution of H-2. These results indicate that the pathway of the ECR-CO2 and its performance can be effectivel regulated by complexing nitrogen with Cu motifs. Doi:10.3866_PKU.WHXB202006017
Effect of Exposed Facets of CeO2&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to Ethylene over CeO2-Supported Cu Nanoparticles: Effect of Exposed Facets of CeO2 Fossil fuels are expected to be the major source of energy for the next few decades. However, combustion of nonrenewable resources leads to the release of large quantities of CO2, the primary greenhouse gas. Notably, the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere is increasing annually at an astounding rate. Electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) to value-added fuels and chemicals using electricity from intermittent renewable energy sources is a carbon-neutral method to alleviate anthropogenic CO2 emissions. Despite the steady progress in the selective generation of C-1 products (CO and formic acid), the production of multi-carbon species still suffers from low selectivity and efficiency. As an ECR product, ethylene (C2H4) has a higher energy density than do C-1 species and is an important industrial feedstock in high demand. However, the conversion of CO2 to C2H4 is plagued by low productivity and large overpotential, in addition to the severe competing hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) during the ECR. To address these issues, the design and development of advanced electrocatalysts are critical. Here, we demonstrate fine-tuning of ECR to C(2)H(4 )by taking advantage of the prominent interaction of Cu with shape-controlled CeO2 nanocrystals, that is, cubes, rods, and octahedra predominantly covered with (100), (110), and (111) surfaces, respectively. We found that the selectivity and activity of the ECR depended strongly on the exposed crystal facets of CeO2. The overall ECR Faradaic efficiency (FE) over Cu/CeO2(110) (FE approximate to 56.7%) surpassed that of both Cu/CeO2(100) (FE approximate to 51.5%) and Cu/CeO2(111) (FE approximate to 48.4%) in 0.1 mol.L--(1) KHCO3 solutions with an H-type cell. This was in stark contrast to the exclusive occurrence of the HER over pure carbon paper, CeO2(100), CeO2(110), and CeO2(111). In particular, the FE toward C2H4 formation and the partial current density increased in the sequence Cu/CeO2(111) < Cu/CeO2(100) < Cu/CeO2(110) within applied bias potentials from -1.00 to -1.15 V (vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode), reaching 39.1% over Cu/CeO2(110) at a mild overpotential (1.13 V). The corresponding values for Cu/CeO2(100) and Cu/CeO2(111) were FEC2H4 approximate to 31.8% and FEC2H4 approximate to 29.6%, respectively. The C2H4 selectivity was comparable to that of many reported Cu-based electrocatalysts at similar overpotentials. Furthermore, the FE for C2H4 remained stable even after 6 h of continuous electrolysis. The superior ECR activity of Cu/CeO2(110) to yield C2H4 was attributed to the metastable (110) surface, which not only promoted the effective adsorption of CO2 but also remarkably stabilized Cu+, thereby boosting the ECR to produce C2H4. This work offers an alternative strategy to enhance the ECR efficiency by crystal facet engineering. Doi:10.3866_PKU.WHXB202009023
Alloy &&alloy&&Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Formate on Palladium-Copper Alloy Nanoparticulate Electrode The bimetallic alloy nanoparticle catalysts composed of Pd and Cu were synthesized for electrochemical reduction of CO2. The effect of the catalyst composition on the CO2 reduction activity and the selectivity was investigated, and at the high Pd/Cu ratio CO2 reduction to formate rather than hydrogen evolution proceeded predominantly. The combination of Pd with Cu also changed the stability of the catalyst. By using the bimetallic catalyst, stable reduction current was obtained in the long-term electrolysis while a monometallic Pd catalyst suffered from deactivation due to poisoning by CO. These improvements are attributable to the electrical interaction between Pd and Cu. The resultant lowering shift of a d-band center reduced binding strength of CO, leading to the achievement of stable reduction of CO2 with a small overpotential. (C) The Electrochemical Society of Japan, All rights reserved. Doi:10.5796_electrochemistry.18-00086
COMPRISED&&composite&&SELECTIVE ETHANOL FORMATION BY ELECTROCHEMICAL REDUCTION OF CARBON-DIOXIDE ON ELECTRODES COMPRISED OF THE MIXTURES OF COPPER AND ZINC-OXIDES  Doi:10.5796_electrochemistry.61.807
alloys&&alloy&&DESIGN OF ALLOY ELECTROCATALYSTS FOR CO2 REDUCTION .1. THE SELECTIVE AND REVERSIBLE REDUCTION OF CO2 AT CU-NI ALLOY ELECTRODES New concepts of electrocatalyst design for CO2 reduction were proposed. One of the concepts (type 1) was examined at Cu-Ni alloys. It was found that CH3OH is formed at the faradaic efficiency of ca. 10% on the alloy, which has been detected previously neither on pure Cu nor Ni electrodes. The overpotentials for the formations of CH3OH and HCOOH are significantly reduced by the alloying, resulting in their formations almost at the reversible potentials, i.e. the highest energy efficiencies for the recovery of CO2 as useful reduction products. The maximum faradaic efficiencies were obtained at the alloy composition of ca. Cu/Ni = 2/1 for both of CH3OH and HCOOH formations. The enhancement effects were well explained by the mechanism of the type 1 electrocatalysis. Doi:10.5796_kogyobutsurikagaku.59.508
alloy&&alloy&&REACTIONS AND MECHANISM OF THE ELECTROCHEMICAL REDUCTION OF CARBON-DIOXIDE ON ALLOYED COPPER-SILVER ELECTRODES The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide on electrodes made of a copper-silver alloy in aqueous solutions was investigated, and the results were compared with those at a pure copper electrode, which is known to produce hydrocarbons such as methane and ethylene at high current efficiencies. The electrode of a Cu-Ag alloy of nearly 2:3 atomic ratio gave a higher current efficiency for ethylene and a lower current efficiency for methane than those at a Cu electrode. The reaction mechanisms of CO2 reduction on Cu, Ag and alloyed Cu-Ag electrodes were discussed in relation with their electronic structures. Doi:10.5796_kogyobutsurikagaku.59.491
porous/sponge-like morphology&&structure control&&Highly Selective and Efficient Porous Cu-Sn Bimetallic Electrocatalyst for CO2 Reduction to Formate In the current study, a simple chemical reduction method to synthesize bimetallic nanocatalyst of CuSn(OH)(6) has been reported. The morphology, composition, size and electrochemical activity of the nanocatalyst have been investigated. The nanocatalyst exhibits porous/sponge-like morphology. The linear sweep voltammetry and chronoamperometry were employed to measure the current density/current response. The synthesized catalyst was used for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate. The electrocatalytic results confirmed higher faradaic efficiency (FE), high and long term stable current density and lower Tafel slope for the synthesized nanocatalyst. The maximum obtained FE on bimetallic electrocatalyst for the only liquid product (formate) was nearly 83%. The improved electrocatalytic activity confirms synergistic effect between Cu and Sn as nanocatalyst that efficiently contributed towards the conversion of CO2 to formate. Therefore, CuSn(OH)(6) nanocatalyst can be prepared by a simple and cost-effective method that can be further used for efficient and selective reduction of CO2. Doi:10.15244_pjoes_130975
The high surface area and stability of CuO-CNTs allowed dual conduction of electron and intermediate species with high current density at minimum energy supplied.&&composite&&Electrochemical Performance of Cupric Oxide Loaded Carbon Nanotubes as Electrode Material for CO2 Reduction This study is conducted to explore the effective and stable electrode materials for electrochemical reduction of CO2. The different compositions (3 - 8%) CuO-supported CNT samples were prepared by a traditional sol-gel method, and the prepared materials were characterized by TGA, SEM, TEM, FTIR and XRD. The characterization results confirmed the uniform impregnation of CuO on the defects of the CNT's, which improved the utilization of meso and microporous distribution in the prepared electrocatalyst. The high surface area and stability of CuO-CNTs allowed dual conduction of electron and intermediate species with high current density at minimum energy supplied. Linear sweep voltammetry and Chronoamperometry were used to measure the electrode's current density and stability, respectively, and 8 % CuO-CNT was found most stable and progressive composition to reduce the CO2 efficiently. Further, the liquid products were analyzed using the gas chromatography, and 20 % faradic efficiency of methane was measured. Doi:10.14447_jnmes.v24i1.a02
Composite &&composite&&CuO/ZnO Composite Electrocatalyst: Preparation and Reduction of CO2 to Syngas The reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to syngas (a mixture of CO and H-2) can not only realize the carbon cycle and decrease the greenhouse effect but also alleviate the energy crisis. Design of catalyst is the key to realize CO2 resource utilization. Herein, CuO and CuO/ZnO composite were prepared by metal ion co-precipitation method, and their performance of electrochemical CO2 reduction to syngas under different potentials was investigated by adjusting the catalyst components. The results show that the introduction of zinc (Zn) species can decrease the adsorption intensity of intermediate CO2 center dot- on the catalyst, which leads to the decrease of Faraday efficiency (FE) of CO and the increase of FE of H-2, thus achieving controllable regulation of CO/H-2 in the range of 1/1-1/4 under different applied electrochemical potential. In particular, the total FE of syngas CO/H-2 is up to 84% when the ratio of Cu to Zn in the precursor solution is 1 : 2. Doi:10.15541_jim20210092
Copper dendritic structures with low porosity&&structure control&&Enhanced Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to Ethylene on Electrodeposited Copper in 0.1 M KHCO3 Copper dendritic structures with low porosity were prepared via electrodeposition under acid-free conditions. The microstructure (morphology and facet selectivity) could be tuned by altering the electrodeposition potential and time length. In contrast to previous electrodeposited copper under acidic conditions, the present copper electrodes led to enhanced formation of ethylene relative to polycrystalline copper for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide. The synergy of the non-porous dendritic structures and the increased content of exposed high-index crystal facet (311) may account for this improvement. Doi:10.20964_2018.11.42
The improved CO2 reduction performance of Cu/VG-Ar originates from the well-dispersed Cu@CuxO nanoparticles deposited on the defective VG-Ar.&&composite&&Enhanced Electrochemical CO2 Reduction of Cu@CuxO Nanoparticles Decorated on 3D Vertical Graphene with Intrinsic sp(3)-type Defect Defective 3D vertical graphene (VG) with a relatively large surface area, high defect density, and increased surface electrons is synthesized via a scalable plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition method, together with a postsynthesis Ar-plasma treatment (VG-Ar). Subsequently, Cu@CuxO nanoparticles are deposited onto VG-Ar (Cu/VG-Ar) through a galvanostatic pulsed electrodeposition method. These Cu@CuxO nanocatalyst systems exhibit a superior electrochemical CO2 reduction performance when compared to Cu-based catalysts supported on commercial graphene paper or pristine VG without postsynthesis Ar-plasma treatment. The Cu/VG-Ar achieves the highest CO2 reduction Faradaic efficiency of 60.6% (83.5% of which are attributed to liquid products, i.e., formate, ethanol, and n-propanol) with a 5.6 mA cm(-2) partial current density at -1.2 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The improved CO2 reduction performance of Cu/VG-Ar originates from the well-dispersed Cu@CuxO nanoparticles deposited on the defective VG-Ar. The intrinsic carbon defects on VG-Ar can suppress the hydrogen evolution reaction as well as tune the interaction between VG and Cu@CuxO, thus impeding the excessive oxidation of Cu2O species deposited on VG-Ar. The defective VG-Ar and stabilized Cu@CuxO enhances CO2 adsorption and promotes electron transfer to the adsorbed CO2 and intermediates on the catalyst surface, thus improving the overall CO2 reduction performance. Doi:10.1002_adfm.201910118
The excellent electrocatalytic performances benefit from the special design of the Au-Cu Janus architectures&&composite&&Symmetry-Broken Au-Cu Heterostructures and their Tandem Catalysis Process in Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Symmetry-breaking synthesis of colloidal nanocrystals with desired structures and properties has aroused widespread interest in various fields, but the lack of robust synthetic protocols and the complex growth kinetics limit their practical applications. Herein, a general strategy is developed to synthesize the Au-Cu Janus nanocrystals (JNCs) through the site-selective growth of Cu nanodomains on Au nanocrystals, which is directed by the substantial lattice mismatch between them, with the assistance of judicious manipulation of the growth kinetics. This strategy can work on Au nanocrystals with different architectures for the achievement of diverse asymmetric Au-Cu hybrid nanostructures. Of particular note, the obtained Au nanobipyramids (Au NBPs)-based JNCs facilitate the conversion of CO2 to C-2 hydrocarbon production during electrocatalysis, with the Faradaic efficiency and maximum partial current density being 4.1-fold and 6.4-fold higher than those of their monometallic Cu counterparts, respectively. The excellent electrocatalytic performances benefit from the special design of the Au-Cu Janus architectures and their tandem catalysis mechanism as well as the high-index facets on Au nanocrystals. This research provides a new approach to synthesize various hybrid Janus nanostructures, facilitating the study of structure-function relationship in the catalytic process and the rational design of efficient heterogeneous electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1002_adfm.202101255
Core-Shell Electrocatalysts&&structure control&&Engineering Silver-Enriched Copper Core-Shell Electrocatalysts to Enhance the Production of Ethylene and C2+ Chemicals from Carbon Dioxide at Low Cell Potentials Copper catalysts are widely studied for the electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to value-added hydrocarbon products. Controlling the surface composition of copper nanomaterials may provide the electronic and structural properties necessary for carbon-carbon coupling, thus increasing the Faradaic efficiency (FE) towards ethylene and other multi-carbon (C2+) products. Synthesis and catalytic study of silver-coated copper nanoparticles (Cu@Ag NPs) for the reduction of CO2 are presented. Bimetallic CuAg NPs are typically difficult to produce due to the bulk immiscibility between these two metals. Slow injection of the silver precursor, concentrations of organic capping agents, and gas environment proved critical to control the size and metal distribution of the Cu@Ag NPs. The optimized Cu@Ag electrocatalyst exhibited a very low onset cell potential of -2.25 V for ethylene formation, reaching a FE towards C2+ products (FEC2+) of 43% at -2.50 V, which is 1.0 V lower than a reference Cu catalyst to reach a similar FEC2+. The high ethylene formation at low potentials is attributed to enhanced C-C coupling on the Ag enriched shell of the Cu@Ag electrocatalysts. This study offers a new catalyst design towards increasing the efficiency for the electroreduction of CO2 to value-added chemicals. Doi:10.1002_adfm.202101668
Porous Aerogel Catalyst &&structure control&&Cu/Cu2O Interconnected Porous Aerogel Catalyst for Highly Productive Electrosynthesis of Ethanol from CO2 Use of Cu and Cu+ is one of the most promising approaches for the production of C-2 products by the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) because it can facilitate CO2 activation and C-C dimerization. However, the selective electrosynthesis of C2+ products on Cu-0-Cu+ interfaces is critically limited due to the low electrocatalytic production of ethanol relative to ethylene. In this study, a novel porous Cu/Cu2O aerogel network is introduced to afford high ethanol productivity by the electrocatalytic CO2RR. The aerogel is synthesized by a simple chemical redox reaction of a precursor and a reducing agent. CO2RR results reveal that the Cu/Cu2O aerogel produces ethanol as the major product, exhibiting a Faradaic efficiency (FEEtOH) of 41.2% and a partial current density (J(EtOH)) of 32.55 mA cm(-2) in an H-cell reactor. This is the best electrosynthesis performance for ethanol production reported thus far. Electron microscopy and electrochemical analysis results reveal that this dramatic increase in the electrosynthesis performance for ethanol can be attributed to a large number of Cu-0-Cu+ interfaces and an increase of the local pH in the confined porous aerogel network structure with a high-surface-area. Doi:10.1002_adfm.202102142
amorphous Cu NPs&&structure control&&Amorphizing of Cu Nanoparticles toward Highly Efficient and Robust Electrocatalyst for CO2 Reduction to Liquid Fuels with High Faradaic Efficiencies Conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into valuable chemicals, especially liquid fuels, through electrochemical reduction driven by sustainable energy sources, is a promising way to get rid of dependence on fossil fuels, wherein developing of highly efficient catalyst is still of paramount importance. In this study, as a proof-of-concept experiment, first a facile while very effective protocol is proposed to synthesize amorphous Cu NPs. Unexpectedly, superior electrochemical performances, including high catalytic activity and selectivity of CO2 reduction to liquid fuels are achieved, that is, a total Faradaic efficiency of liquid fuels can sum up to the maximum value of 59% at -1.4 V, with formic acid (HCOOH) and ethanol (C2H6O) account for 37% and 22%, respectively, as well as a desirable long-term stability even up to 12 h. More importantly, this work opens a new avenue for improved electroreduction of CO2 based on amorphous metal catalysts. Doi:10.1002_adma.201706194
nanoporous coppe&&structure control&&A Highly Porous Copper Electrocatalyst for Carbon Dioxide Reduction Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) is an appealing approach toward tackling climate change associated with atmospheric CO2 emissions. This approach uses CO2 as the carbon feedstock to produce value-added chemicals, resulting in a carbon-neutral (or even carbon-negative) process for chemical production. Many efforts have been devoted to the development of CO2 electrolysis devices that can be operated at industrially relevant rates; however, limited progress has been made, especially for valuable C2+ products. Herein, a nanoporous copper CO2 reduction catalyst is synthesized and integrated into a microfluidic CO2 flow cell electrolyzer. The CO2 electrolyzer exhibits a current density of 653 mA cm(-2) with a C2+ product selectivity of approximate to 62% at an applied potential of -0.67 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode). The highly porous electrode structure facilitates rapid gas transport across the electrode-electrolyte interface at high current densities. Further investigations on electrolyte effects reveal that the surface pH value is substantially different from the pH of bulk electrolyte, especially for nonbuffering near-neutral electrolytes when operating at high currents. Doi:10.1002_adma.201803111
copper tetrahydroxyquinone&&atomic level dispersion&&2D Copper Tetrahydroxyquinone Conductive Metal-Organic Framework for Selective CO2 Electrocatalysis at Low Overpotentials Metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) are promising materials for electrocatalysis; however, lack of electrical conductivity in the majority of existing MOFs limits their effective utilization in the field. Herein, an excellent catalytic activity of a 2D copper (Cu)-based conductive MOF, copper tetrahydroxyquinone (Cu-THQ), is reported for aqueous CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) at low overpotentials. It is revealed that Cu-THQ nanoflakes (NFs) with an average lateral size of 140 nm exhibit a negligible overpotential of 16 mV for the activation of this reaction, a high current density of approximate to 173 mA cm(-2) at -0.45 V versus RHE, an average Faradaic efficiency (F.E.) of approximate to 91% toward CO production, and a remarkable turnover frequency as high as approximate to 20.82 s(-1). In the low overpotential range, the obtained CO formation current density is more than 35 and 25 times higher compared to state-of-the-art MOF and MOF-derived catalysts, respectively. The operando Cu K-edge X-ray absorption near edge spectroscopy and density functional theory calculations reveal the existence of reduced Cu (Cu+) during CO2RR which reversibly returns to Cu2+ after the reaction. The outstanding CO2 catalytic functionality of conductive MOFs (c-MOFs) can open a way toward high-energy-density electrochemical systems. Doi:10.1002_adma.202004393
 creating high-facets of wrinkled Cu surrounded by Cu2O mesh patterns&&structure control&&Synergistic Effect of Cu2O Mesh Pattern on High-Facet Cu Surface for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol Although the electroconversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into ethanol is considered to be one of the most promising ways of using CO2, the ethanol selectivity is less than 50% because of difficulties in designing an optimal catalyst that arise from the complicated pathways for the electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol. Several approaches including the fabrication of oxide-derived structures, atomic surface control, and the Cu+/Cu interfaces have been primarily used to produce ethanol from CO2. Here, a combined structure with Cu+ and high-facets as electrocatalysts is constructed by creating high-facets of wrinkled Cu surrounded by Cu2O mesh patterns. Using chemical vapor deposition graphene growth procedures, the insufficiently grown graphene is used as an oxidation-masking material, and the high-facet wrinkled Cu is simultaneously generated during the graphene growth synthesis. The resulting electrocatalyst shows an ethanol selectivity of 43% at -0.8 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode, which is one of the highest ethanol selectivity values reported thus far. This is attributed to the role of Cu+ in enhancing CO binding strength, and the high-facets, which favor C-C coupling and the ethanol pathway. This method for generating the combined structure can be widely applicable not only for electrochemical catalysts but also in various fields. Doi:10.1002_adma.202106028
3D hierarchical nanostructures of Cu-Pb catalyst&&structure control&&Facile Synthesis of Nanostructural High-Performance Cu-Pb Electrocatalysts for CO2 Reduction Nanostructure and crystallinity of transition metals play an important role in catalyzing carbon dioxide electroreduction (CO2ER) where Cu is a typical electrocatalyst with a wide variety of products and Pb has a high overpotential for H-2 evolution and is selective toward formic acid. In this study, 3D hierarchical nanostructures of Cu-Pb catalyst are prepared by a two-step electrodepositing-annealing-electroreduction approach (EAE). Cu nanowires (Cu NWs) of 200-400 nm diameter are built on the surface of commercial nickel foam substrates through an EAE step. Then, Pb nanoparticles with diameter of 5-10 nm are uniformly created on the surface of Cu NWs by a second EAE step. The nanostructural Cu-Pb electrodes catalyze CO2ER at a current density of -9.35 mA cm(-2) (at -0.93 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)). The H-2 evolution is suppressed by 35.6% and CO and HCOOH are enhanced by 29.6% and 9.2%, respectively, as compared with Cu NWs. The protocol proposed in this study provides a simple and straightforward approach for preparing high-performance, hierarchical nanostructures of Cu-Pb bimetal catalyst for CO2ER. Doi:10.1002_admi.201801200
3D Heterostructured&&structure control&&3D Heterostructured Copper Electrode for Conversion of Carbon Dioxide to Alcohols at Low Overpotentials Active and cost-effective catalyst materials are required for electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions (CO2RR) which, to date, are proving elusive. Here, the direct electrochemical conversion of CO2 to liquid products with a high overall Faradaic efficiency (FE) by utilizing a unique 3D, heterostructured copper electrode (referred as Cu sandwich) that is obtained via a simple two-step treatment of commercially available copper foam is reported. The designed catalyst achieves an FE toward liquid products of >50% at an applied potential as low as -0.3 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode. The improved selectivity of the heterostructured Cu sandwich electrode at low overpotentials is attributed to the greater exposure of engineered Cu+/Cu2+ interfaces (present on composite nanowires) and higher oxygen vacancy defects. Moreover, the rationally designed heterostructures prevent the Cu2O species from being reduced during CO2RR enabling the catalyst to demonstrate enhanced CO2RR activity with prolonged stability. Doi:10.1002_adsu.201800064
the selectivity and activity of the C2H4 production depend strongly on the crystal facets exposed in Cu2O NPs.&&structure control&&Cu2O Nanoparticles with Both {100} and {111} Facets for Enhancing the Selectivity and Activity of CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene Cu2O nanoparticles (NPs) enclosed with different crystal facets, namely, c-Cu2O NPs with {100} facets, o-Cu2O NPs with {111} facets, and t-Cu2O NPs with both {111} and {100} facets, are prepared and their electrocatalytic properties for the reduction of CO2 to C2H4 are evaluated. It is shown that the selectivity and activity of the C2H4 production depend strongly on the crystal facets exposed in Cu2O NPs. The selectivities for the C2H4 production increases in the order, c-Cu2O < o-Cu2O < t-Cu2O, (with FEC2H4 = 38%, 45%, and 59%, respectively). This study suggests that Cu2O NPs are more likely responsible for the selectivity and activity for the C2H4 production than the metallic Cu NPs produced on the surface of Cu2O NPs. This work provides a new route for enhancing the selectivity of the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction by crystal facet engineering. Doi:10.1002_advs.201902820
copper nanodendrites&&structure control&&Selective Electroreduction of CO2 toward Ethylene on Nano Dendritic Copper Catalysts at High Current Density In situ deposited copper nanodendrites are herein proven to be a highly selective electrocatalyst which is capable of reducing CO2 to ethylene by reaching a Faradaic efficiency of 57% at a current density of 170 mA cm(-2). It is found that the desired structures are formed in situ under acidic pH conditions at high electrode potentials more negative than -2 V versus Ag/AgCl. Detailed investigations on the preparation, characterization, and advancement of electrode materials and of the electrolyte have been performed. Catalyst degradation effects are intensively followed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM) characterization methods and found to be a major root course for selectivity losses. Doi:10.1002_aenm.201602114
Cu(I) center&&atomic level dispersion&&A Water-Soluble Cu Complex as Molecular Catalyst for Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction on Graphene-Based Electrodes A structurally simple molecular 1,10-phenanthroline-Cu complex on a mesostructured graphene matrix that can be active and selective toward CO2 reduction over H-2 evolution in an aqueous solution is reported. The active sites consist of Cu(I) center in a distorted trigonal bipyramidal geometry, which enables the adsorption of CO2 with eta(1)-COO-like configuration to commence the catalysis, with a turnover frequency of approximate to 45 s(-1) at -1 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode. Using in situ infrared spectroelectrochemical investigation, it is demonstrated that the Cu complex can be reversibly heterogenized near the graphene surface via potential control. An increase of electron density in the complex is observed as a result of the interaction from the electric field, which further tunes the electron distribution in the neighboring CO2. It is also found that the mesostructure of graphene matrix favored CO2 reduction on the Cu center over hydrogen evolution by limiting mass transport from the bulk solution to the electrode surface. Doi:10.1002_aenm.201803151
Cu4O3 is a member of the copper-oxide family and possesses an intriguing mixed-valance nature&&structure control&&Paramelaconite-Enriched Copper-Based Material as an Efficient and Robust Catalyst for Electrochemical Carbon Dioxide Reduction A copper-oxide-based catalyst enriched with paramelaconite (Cu4O3) is presented and investigated as an electrocatalyst for facilitating electroreduction of CO2 to ethylene and other hydrocarbons. Cu4O3 is a member of the copper-oxide family and possesses an intriguing mixed-valance nature, incorporating an equal number of Cu+ and Cu2+ ions in its crystal structure. The material is synthesized using a solvothermal synthesis route and its structure is confirmed via powder X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscope based selected area electron diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. A flow reactor equipped with a gas diffusion electrode is utilized to test a copper-based catalyst enriched with the Cu4O3 phase under CO2 reduction conditions. The Cu4O3-rich catalyst (PrC) shows a Faradaic efficiency for ethylene over 40% at 400 mA cm(-2). At -0.64 versus reversible hydrogen electrode, the highest C2+/C-1 product ratio of 4.8 is achieved, with C2+ Faradaic efficiency over 61%. Additionally, the catalyst exhibits a stable performance for 24 h at a constant current density of 200 mA cm(-2). Doi:10.1002_aenm.201901228
the hybridization of Cu2O/CuO nanowires and Ni nanoparticles can not only adjust the d-band center of electrocatalysts to enhance the intrinsic catalytic activity but also improve the adsorption of COOH* intermediates and suppress the hydrogen evolution reaction to promote the CO conversion efficiency during CO2 reduction reaction.&&composite&&Intermediates Adsorption Engineering of CO2 Electroreduction Reaction in Highly Selective Heterostructure Cu-Based Electrocatalysts for CO Production The challenge in the artificial CO2 reduction to fuel is achieving high selective electrocatalysts. Here, a highly selective Cu2O/CuO heterostructure electrocatalyst is developed for CO2 electroreduction. The Cu2O/CuO nanowires modified by Ni nanoparticles exhibit superior catalytic performance with high faradic efficiency (95% for CO). Theoretical and experimental analyses show that the hybridization of Cu2O/CuO nanowires and Ni nanoparticles can not only adjust the d-band center of electrocatalysts to enhance the intrinsic catalytic activity but also improve the adsorption of COOH* intermediates and suppress the hydrogen evolution reaction to promote the CO conversion efficiency during CO2 reduction reaction. An in situ Raman spectroscopic study further confirms the existence of COOH* species and the engineering intermediates adsorption. This work offers new insights for facile designing of nonprecious transition metal compound heterostructure for CO2 reduction reaction through adjusting the reaction pathway. Doi:10.1002_aenm.201901396
 Sn-decorated Cu-coated electrospun polyvinylidene fluoride nanofibers&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic Reduction of Gaseous CO2 to CO on Sn/Cu-Nanofiber-Based Gas Diffusion Electrodes Earth-abundant Sn/Cu catalysts are highly selective for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CO in aqueous electrolytes. However, CO2 mass transport limitations, resulting from the low solubility of CO2 in water, so far limit the CO partial current density for Sn/Cu catalysts to about 10 mA cm(-2). Here, a freestanding gas diffusion electrode design based on Sn-decorated Cu-coated electrospun polyvinylidene fluoride nanofibers is demonstrated. The use of gaseous CO2 as a feedstock alleviates mass transport limitations, resulting in high CO partial current densities above 100 mA cm(-2), while maintaining high CO faradaic efficiencies above 80%. These results represent an important step toward an economically viable pathway to CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1002_aenm.201901514
the high activity and selectivity of Cu to C2+ products can be achieved by atomic-scale spacings between two facets of Cu particles&&structure control&&Atomic-Scale Spacing between Copper Facets for the Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Copper (Cu) offers a means for producing value-added fuels through the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2), i.e., the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), but designing Cu catalysts with significant Faradaic efficiency to C2+ products remains as a great challenge. This work demonstrates that the high activity and selectivity of Cu to C2+ products can be achieved by atomic-scale spacings between two facets of Cu particles. These spacings are created by lithiating CuOx particles, removing lithium oxides formed, and electrochemically reducing CuOx to metallic Cu. Also, the range of spacing (d(s)) is confirmed via the 3D tomographs using the Cs-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy (3D tomo-STEM), and the operando X-ray absorption spectra show that oxidized Cu reduces to the metallic state during the CO2RR. Moreover, control of d(s) to 5-6 angstrom allows a current density exceeding that of unmodified CuOx nanoparticles by about 12 folds and a Faradaic efficiency of approximate to 80% to C2+. Density functional theory calculations support that d(s) of 5-6 angstrom maximizes the binding energies of CO2 reduction intermediates and promotes C-C coupling reactions. Consequently, this study suggests that control of d(s) can be used to realize the high activity and C2+ product selectivity for the CO2RR. Doi:10.1002_aenm.201903423
the interphase electron transfer from Cu to Ag generates electron-deficient Cu sites and favors the adsorption of CO(2)reduction intermediates in the alcohol pathway, such as CH3CHO* and CH3CH2O*.&&composite&&Electron-Deficient Cu Sites on Cu(3)Ag(1)Catalyst Promoting CO(2)Electroreduction to Alcohols Copper-based catalysts electrochemically convert CO(2)into multicarbon molecules. However, the selectivity toward alcohol products has remained relatively low, due to the lack of catalysts favoring the adsorption of key intermediates in the alcohol pathways. Herein, a Cu(3)Ag(1)electrocatalyst is developed using galvanic replacement of an electrodeposited Cu matrix. The Cu(3)Ag(1)electrocatalyst enables a 63% Faradaic efficiency for CO2-to-alcohol production and an alcohol partial current density of -25 mA cm(-2)at -0.95 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode, corresponding to a 126-fold enhancement in selectivity and 25-fold increase in activity compared to the bare electrodeposited Cu matrix. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the interphase electron transfer from Cu to Ag generates electron-deficient Cu sites and favors the adsorption of CO(2)reduction intermediates in the alcohol pathway, such as CH3CHO* and CH3CH2O*. Thus, for this electron-deficient catalyst, the C2H5OH pathway is more preferable than the ethylene (C2H4) pathway, endowing the catalyst with an alcohol/ethylene ratio of 38:1. These findings suggest both experimental approaches and theoretical insights for exploring highly selective CO2-to-alcohol conversion. Doi:10.1002_aenm.202001987
ontrolled electroreduction of CO2 with Cu nanoribbons exhibited clearly greater selectivity towards C2+ products than Cu nanoleaves and Cu nanorods without porous structures&&structure control&&Cu-MOFs Derived Porous Cu Nanoribbons with Strengthened Electric Filed for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Fuels The electroreduction of carbon dioxide is a promising strategy to synthesize value-added feedstocks and realize carbon neutralization. Copper catalysts are well-known to be active for selective electroreduction of CO2 to multicarbon products, although the role played by the surface architecture is not fully understood. Herein, mesoporous Cu nanoribbons are constructed via in-situ electrochemical reduction of Cu based metal organic frameworks for the highly selective synthesis of C2+ chemicals. With the mesoporous structure, a high C2+ Faradaic efficiency of 82.3% with a partial current density of 347.9 mA cm(-2) is achieved in a flow-cell electrolyzer. Controlled electroreduction of CO2 with Cu nanoribbons exhibited clearly greater selectivity towards C2+ products than Cu nanoleaves and Cu nanorods without porous structures. Finite difference time domain results indicate that the mesoporous structure can enhance the electric field on the catalyst surface, which increases the concentration of K+ and OH-, thus allowing the authors to promote CO2 reduction pathways towards C2+ products. Doi:10.1002_aenm.202102447
alloy &&alloy&&A Highly Selective Copper-Indium Bimetallic Electrocatalyst for the Electrochemical Reduction of Aqueous CO2 to CO The challenge in the electrochemical reduction of aqueous carbon dioxide is in designing a highly selective, energy-efficient, and non-precious-metal electrocatalyst that minimizes the competitive reduction of proton to form hydrogen during aqueous CO2 conversion. A non-noble metal electrocatalyst based on a copper-indium (Cu-In) alloy that selectively converts CO2 to CO with a low overpotential is reported. The electrochemical deposition of In on rough Cu surfaces led to Cu-In alloy surfaces. DFT calculations showed that the In preferentially located on the edge sites rather than on the corner or flat sites and that the d-electron nature of Cu remained almost intact, but adsorption properties of neighboring Cu was perturbed by the presence of In. This preparation of non-noble metal alloy electrodes for the reduction of CO2 provides guidelines for further improving electrocatalysis. Doi:10.1002_anie.201410233
nanostructured &&structure control&&High Selectivity for Ethylene from Carbon Dioxide Reduction over Copper Nanocube Electrocatalysts Nanostructured surfaces have been shown to greatly enhance the activity and selectivity of many different catalysts. Here we report a nanostructured copper surface that gives high selectivity for ethylene formation from electrocatalytic CO2 reduction. The nanostructured copper is easily formed in situ during the CO2 reduction reaction, and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) shows the surface to be dominated by cubic structures. Using online electrochemical mass spectrometry (OLEMS), the onset potentials and relative selectivity toward the volatile products (ethylene and methane) were measured for several different copper surfaces and single crystals, relating the cubic shape of the copper surface to the greatly enhanced ethylene selectivity. The ability of the cubic nanostructure to so strongly favor multicarbon product formation from CO2 reduction, and in particular ethylene over methane, is unique to this surface and is an important step toward developing a catalyst that has exclusive selectivity for multicarbon products. Doi:10.1002_anie.201412214
we report a chloride (Cl)-induced bi-phasic cuprous oxide (Cu2O) and metallic copper (Cu) electrode (Cu2OCl) as an efficient catalyst for the formation of high-carbon organic molecules&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic Production of C3-C4 Compounds by Conversion of CO2 on a Chloride-Induced Bi-Phasic Cu2O-Cu Catalyst Electrocatalytic conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) has recently received considerable attention as one of the most feasible CO2 utilization techniques. In particular, copper and copper-derived catalysts have exhibited the ability to produce a number of organic molecules from CO2. Herein, we report a chloride (Cl)-induced bi-phasic cuprous oxide (Cu2O) and metallic copper (Cu) electrode (Cu2OCl) as an efficient catalyst for the formation of high-carbon organic molecules by CO2 conversion, and identify the origin of electroselectivity toward the formation of high-carbon organic compounds. The Cu2OCl electrocatalyst results in the preferential formation of multicarbon fuels, including n-propanol and n-butane C3-C4 compounds. We propose that the remarkable electrocatalytic conversion behavior is due to the favorable affinity between the reaction intermediates and the catalytic surface. Doi:10.1002_anie.201505730
Nanowire Arrays&&structure control&&Controllable Hydrocarbon Formation from the Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 over Cu Nanowire Arrays In this work, the effect of Cu nanowire morphology on the selective electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 is presented. Cu nanowire arrays were prepared through a two-step synthesis of Cu(OH)(2) and CuO nanowire arrays on Cu foil substrates and a subsequent electrochemical reduction of the CuO nanowire arrays to Cu nanowire arrays. By this simple synthesis method, Cu nanowire array electrodes with different length and density were able to be controllably synthesized. We show that the selectivity for hydrocarbons (ethylene, n-propanol, ethane, and ethanol) on Cu nanowire array electrodes at a fixed potential can be tuned by systematically altering the Cu nanowire length and density. The nanowire morphology effect is linked to the increased local pH in the Cu nanowire arrays and a reaction scheme detailing the local pH-induced formation of C-2 products is also presented by a preferred CO dimerization pathway. Doi:10.1002_anie.201601282
Among 24nm, 44nm and 63nm cubes tested, the cubes with 44nm edge length exhibited the highest selectivity towards CO2RR (80%)&&structure control&&Tailoring Copper Nanocrystals towards C-2 Products in Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Favoring the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) over the hydrogen evolution reaction and controlling the selectivity towards multicarbon products are currently major scientific challenges in sustainable energy research. It is known that the morphology of the catalyst can modulate catalytic activity and selectivity, yet this remains a relatively underexplored area in electrochemical CO2 reduction. Here, we exploit the material tunability afforded by colloidal chemistry to establish unambiguous structure/property relations between Cu nanocrystals and their behavior as electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction. Our study reveals a non-monotonic size-dependence of the selectivity in cube-shaped copper nanocrystals. Among 24nm, 44nm and 63nm cubes tested, the cubes with 44nm edge length exhibited the highest selectivity towards CO2RR (80%) and faradaic efficiency for ethylene (41%). Statistical analysis of the surface atom density suggests the key role played by edge sites in CO2RR. Doi:10.1002_anie.201601582
 Cu mesopore electrodes with precisely controlled pore widths and depths were prepared by using a thermal deposition process on anodized aluminum oxide.&&structure control&&Morphology-Directed Selective Production of Ethylene or Ethane from CO2 on a Cu Mesopore Electrode The electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 to value-added hydrocarbons is receiving significant attention as a promising way to close the broken carbon-cycle. While most metal catalysts produce C-1 species, such as carbon monoxide and formate, the production of various hydrocarbons and alcohols comprising more than two carbons has been achieved using copper (Cu)-based catalysts only. Methods for producing specific C-2 reduction outcomes with high selectivity, however, are not available thus far. Herein, the morphological effect of a Cu mesopore electrode on the selective production of C-2 products, ethylene or ethane, is presented. Cu mesopore electrodes with precisely controlled pore widths and depths were prepared by using a thermal deposition process on anodized aluminum oxide. With this simple synthesis method, we demonstrated that C-2 chemical selectivity can be tuned by systematically altering the morphology. Supported by computational simulations, we proved that nanomorphology can change the local pH and, additionally, retention time of key intermediates by confining the chemicals inside the pores. Doi:10.1002_anie.201610432
 a Pd-Cu bimetallic aerogel electrocatalyst&&structure control&&Highly Efficient Electroreduction of CO2 to Methanol on Palladium-Copper Bimetallic Aerogels Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CH3OH is of great interest. Aerogels have fine inorganic superstructure with high porosity and are known to be exceptional materials. Now a Pd-Cu bimetallic aerogel electrocatalyst has been developed for conversion of CO2 into CH3OH. The current density and Faradaic efficiency of CH3OH can be as high as 31.8mAcm(-2) and 80.0% over the Pd83Cu17 aerogel at a very low overpotential (0.24V). The superior performance of the electrocatalyst results from efficient adsorption and stabilization of the CO2 radical anion, high Pd-0/Pd-II and Cu-I+Cu-0/Cu-II ratios, and sufficient Pd/Cu grain boundaries of aerogel nanochains. Doi:10.1002_anie.201808964
The enhanced CO2RR catalysis demonstrated by Au-bipy-Cu originates from its synergistic Au (CO2 to CO) and Cu (CO to C-products) catalysis&&composite&&Bipyridine-Assisted Assembly of Au Nanoparticles on Cu Nanowires To Enhance the Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 We report a new strategy to prepare a composite catalyst for highly efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). The composite catalyst is made by anchoring Au nanoparticles on Cu nanowires via 4,4 '-bipyridine (bipy). The Au-bipy-Cu composite catalyzes the CO2RR in 0.1 m KHCO3 with a total Faradaic efficiency (FE) reaching 90.6 % at -0.9 V to provide C-products, among which CH3CHO (25 % FE) dominates the liquid product (HCOO-, CH3CHO, and CH3COO-) distribution (75 %). The enhanced CO2RR catalysis demonstrated by Au-bipy-Cu originates from its synergistic Au (CO2 to CO) and Cu (CO to C-products) catalysis which is further promoted by bipy. The Au-bipy-Cu composite represents a new catalyst system for effective CO2RR conversion to C-products. Doi:10.1002_anie.201905318
Single-Site&&atomic level dispersion&&Electroreduction of CO2 on Single-Site Copper-Nitrogen-Doped Carbon Material: Selective Formation of Ethanol and Reversible Restructuration of the Metal Sites It is generally believed that CO2 electroreduction to multi-carbon products such as ethanol or ethylene may be catalyzed with significant yield only on metallic copper surfaces, implying large ensembles of copper atoms. Here, we report on an inexpensive Cu-N-C material prepared via a simple pyrolytic route that exclusively feature single copper atoms with a CuN4 coordination environment, atomically dispersed in a nitrogen-doped conductive carbon matrix. This material achieves aqueous CO2 electroreduction to ethanol at a Faradaic yield of 55 % under optimized conditions (electrolyte: 0.1 m CsHCO3, potential: -1.2 V vs. RHE and gas-phase recycling set up), as well as CO electroreduction to C-2-products (ethanol and ethylene) with a Faradaic yield of 80 %. During electrolysis the isolated sites transiently convert into metallic copper nanoparticles, as shown by operando XAS analysis, which are likely to be the catalytically active species. Remarkably, this process is reversible and the initial material is recovered intact after electrolysis. Doi:10.1002_anie.201907994
Core/Shell&&structure control&&In Situ Reconstruction of a Hierarchical Sn-Cu/SnOx Core/Shell Catalyst for High-Performance CO2 Electroreduction The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to give C-1 (formate and CO) products is one of the most techno-economically achievable strategies for alleviating CO2 emissions. Now, it is demonstrated that the SnOx shell in Sn2.7Cu catalyst with a hierarchical Sn-Cu core can be reconstructed in situ under cathodic potentials of CO2RR. The resulting Sn2.7Cu catalyst achieves a high current density of 406.7 +/- 14.4 mA cm(-2) with C-1 Faradaic efficiency of 98.0 +/- 0.9 % at -0.70 V vs. RHE, and remains stable at 243.1 +/- 19.2 mA cm(-2) with a C-1 Faradaic efficiency of 99.0 +/- 0.5 % for 40 h at -0.55 V vs. RHE. DFT calculations indicate that the reconstructed Sn/SnOx interface facilitates formic acid production by optimizing binding of the reaction intermediate HCOO* while promotes Faradaic efficiency of C-1 products by suppressing the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction, resulting in high Faradaic efficiency, current density, and stability of CO2RR at low overpotentials. Doi:10.1002_anie.201916538
heterogeneous electrocatalyst composed of 3D hierarchical Cu dendrites&&structure control&&Hollow Metal-Organic-Framework-Mediated In Situ Architecture of Copper Dendrites for Enhanced CO2 Electroreduction Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to a single product at high current densities and efficiencies remains a challenge. However, the conventional electrode preparation methods, such as drop-casting, usually suffer from low intrinsic activity. Herein, we report a synthesis strategy for preparing heterogeneous electrocatalyst composed of 3D hierarchical Cu dendrites that derived from an in situ electrosynthesized hollow copper metal-organic framework (MOF), for which the preparation of the Cu-MOF film took only 5 min. The synthesis strategy preferentially exposes active sites, which favor's the reduction of CO2 to formate. The current density could be as high as 102.1 mA cm(-2) with a selectivity of 98.2 % in ionic-liquid-based electrolyte and a commonly used H-type cell. Doi:10.1002_anie.202001216
chemical and morphological state of supported and unsupported Cu2O nanocubes&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic CO(2)Reduction on CuO(x)Nanocubes: Tracking the Evolution of Chemical State, Geometric Structure, and Catalytic Selectivity using Operando Spectroscopy The direct electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into multi-carbon (C2+) products still faces fundamental and technological challenges. While facet-controlled and oxide-derived Cu materials have been touted as promising catalysts, their stability has remained problematic and poorly understood. Herein we uncover changes in the chemical and morphological state of supported and unsupported Cu2O nanocubes during operation in low-current H-Cells and in high-current gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) using neutral pH buffer conditions. While unsupported nanocubes achieved a sustained C(2+)Faradaic efficiency of around 60 % for 40 h, the dispersion on a carbon support sharply shifted the selectivity pattern towards C(1)products. Operando XAS and time-resolved electron microscopy revealed the degradation of the cubic shape and, in the presence of a carbon support, the formation of small Cu-seeds during the surprisingly slow reduction of bulk Cu2O. The initially (100)-rich facet structure has presumably no controlling role on the catalytic selectivity, whereas the oxide-derived generation of under-coordinated lattice defects, can support the high C(2+)product yields. Doi:10.1002_anie.202007136
Cu2O(111) quantum dots with an average size of 3.5 nm are in situ synthesized on a porous conductive copper-based metal-organic framework (CuHHTP)&&structure control&&Highly Selective CO2 Electroreduction to CH4 by In Situ Generated Cu2O Single-Type Sites on a Conductive MOF: Stabilizing Key Intermediates with Hydrogen Bonding It is still a great challenge to achieve high selectivity of CH4 in CO2 electroreduction reactions (CO2RR) because of the similar reduction potentials of possible products and the sluggish kinetics for CO2 activation. Stabilizing key reaction intermediates by single type of active sites supported on porous conductive material is crucial to achieve high selectivity for single product such as CH4. Here, Cu2O(111) quantum dots with an average size of 3.5 nm are in situ synthesized on a porous conductive copper-based metal-organic framework (CuHHTP), exhibiting high selectivity of 73 % towards CH4 with partial current density of 10.8 mA cm(-2) at -1.4 V vs. RHE (reversible hydrogen electrode) in CO2RR. Operando infrared spectroscopy and DFT calculations reveal that the key intermediates (such as *CH2O and *OCH3) involved in the pathway of CH4 formation are stabilized by the single active Cu2O(111) and hydrogen bonding, thus generating CH4 instead of CO. Doi:10.1002_anie.202010601
Atomic-Level Copper Nanoclusters&&atomic level dispersion&&Size-Dependent Activity and Selectivity of Atomic-Level Copper Nanoclusters during CO/CO2 Electroreduction As a favorite descriptor, the size effect of Cu-based catalysts has been regularly utilized for activity and selectivity regulation toward CO2/CO electroreduction reactions (CO2/CORR). However, little progress has been made in regulating the size of Cu nanoclusters at the atomic level. Herein, the size-gradient Cu catalysts from single atoms (SAs) to subnanometric clusters (SCs, 0.5-1 nm) to nanoclusters (NCs, 1-1.5 nm) on graphdiyne matrix are readily prepared via an acetylenic-bond-directed site-trapping approach. Electrocatalytic measurements show a significant size effect in both the activity and selectivity toward CO2/CORR. Increasing the size of Cu nanoclusters will improve catalytic activity and selectivity toward C2+ productions in CORR. A high C2+ conversion rate of 312 mA cm(-2) with the Faradaic efficiency of 91.2 % are achieved at -1.0 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) over Cu NCs. The activity/selectivity-size relations provide a clear understanding of mechanisms in the CO2/CORR at the atomic level. Doi:10.1002_anie.202011836
B-doped&&defect&&B-Cu-Zn Gas Diffusion Electrodes for CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Products at High Current Densities Electroreduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products has attracted considerable attention as it provides an avenue to high-density renewable energy storage. However, the selectivity and stability under high current densities are rarely reported. Herein, B-doped Cu (B-Cu) and B-Cu-Zn gas diffusion electrodes (GDE) were developed for highly selective and stable CO2 conversion to C2+ products at industrially relevant current densities. The B-Cu GDE exhibited a high Faradaic efficiency of 79 % for C2+ products formation at a current density of -200 mA cm(-2) and a potential of -0.45 V vs. RHE. The long-term stability for C2+ formation was substantially improved by incorporating an optimal amount of Zn. Operando Raman spectra confirm the retained Cu+ species under CO2 reduction conditions and the lower overpotential for *OCO formation upon incorporation of Zn, which lead to the excellent conversion of CO2 to C2+ products on B-Cu-Zn GDEs. Doi:10.1002_anie.202016898
Data from operando surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy further uncovered significant variations in the CO binding to Cu, which were assigned to Ag-Cu sites formed during CO2RR that appear crucial for the C-C coupling and the enhanced yield of liquid products.&&composite&&Operando Investigation of Ag-Decorated Cu2O Nanocube Catalysts with Enhanced CO2 Electroreduction toward Liquid Products Direct conversion of carbon dioxide into multicarbon liquid fuels by the CO2 electrochemical reduction reaction (CO2RR) can contribute to the decarbonization of the global economy. Here, well-defined Cu2O nanocubes (NCs, 35 nm) uniformly covered with Ag nanoparticles (5 nm) were synthesized. When compared to bare Cu2O NCs, the catalyst with 5 at % Ag on Cu2O NCs displayed a two-fold increase in the Faradaic efficiency for C2+ liquid products (30 % at -1.0 V-RHE), including ethanol, 1-propanol, and acetaldehyde, while formate and hydrogen were suppressed. Operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy revealed the partial reduction of Cu2O during CO2RR, accompanied by a reaction-driven redispersion of Ag on the CuOx NCs. Data from operando surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy further uncovered significant variations in the CO binding to Cu, which were assigned to Ag-Cu sites formed during CO2RR that appear crucial for the C-C coupling and the enhanced yield of liquid products. Doi:10.1002_anie.202017070
a Cu-CuI composite catalyst with abundant Cu-0/Cu+ interfaces&&composite&&High-Rate CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Products over a Copper-Copper Iodide Catalyst Electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to multicarbon hydrocarbon and oxygenate (C2+) products with high energy density and wide availability is of great importance, as it provides a promising way to achieve the renewable energy storage and close the carbon cycle. Herein we design a Cu-CuI composite catalyst with abundant Cu-0/Cu+ interfaces by physically mixing Cu nanoparticles and CuI powders. The composite catalyst achieves a remarkable C2+ partial current density of 591 mA cm(-2) at -1.0 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode in a flow cell, substantially higher than Cu (329 mA cm(-2)) and CuI (96 mA cm(-2)) counterparts. Induced by alkaline electrolyte and applied potential, the Cu-CuI composite catalyst undergoes significant reconstruction under CO2RR conditions. The high-rate C2+ production over Cu-CuI is ascribed to the presence of residual Cu+ and adsorbed iodine species which improve CO adsorption and facilitate C-C coupling. Doi:10.1002_anie.202102657
The enhancement in CO2ER activity is mainly attributed to the synergism of Cu-0-Cu+ pairs&&composite&&Controllable Cu-0-Cu+ Sites for Electrocatalytic Reduction of Carbon Dioxide Cu-based electrocatalysts facilitate CO2 electrochemical reduction (CO2ER) to produce multi-carbon products. However, the roles of Cu-0 and Cu+ and the mechanistic understanding remain elusive. This paper describes the controllable construction of Cu-0-Cu+ sites derived from the well-dispersed cupric oxide particles supported on copper phyllosilicate lamella to enhance CO2ER performance. 20 % Cu/CuSiO3 shows the superior CO2ER performance with 51.8 % C2H4 Faraday efficiency at -1.1 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode during the 6 hour test. In situ attenuated total reflection infrared spectra and density functional theory (DFT) calculations were employed to elucidate the reaction mechanism. The enhancement in CO2ER activity is mainly attributed to the synergism of Cu-0-Cu+ pairs: Cu-0 activates CO2 and facilitates the following electron transfers; Cu+ strengthens *CO adsorption to further boost C-C coupling. We provide a strategy to rationally design Cu-based catalysts with viable valence states to boost CO2ER. Doi:10.1002_anie.202105118
copper catecholate node&&atomic level dispersion&&The Synthesis of Hexaazatrinaphthylene-Based 2D Conjugated Copper Metal-Organic Framework for Highly Selective and Stable Electroreduction of CO2 to Methane 2D conjugated MOFs have attracted significant interests in recent years owing to their special structural features and promising physical and chemical properties. These intriguing attributes, to a large extent, stem from the nature of incorporated ligands. The available ligands for the construction of 2D conjugated MOFs are still limited, especially those that have heteroatoms included and exposed to the pores. In this work, we designed and synthesized a highly symmetric hexaazatrinaphthylene (HATNA)-based ligand with two different coordination sites. Through selective coordination, a highly crystalline and porous 2D conjugated copper metal-organic framework was constructed. Due to the synergic effects of HATNA and copper catecholate node, this HATNA-based 2D conjugated MOF can mediate the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to methane with high selectivity of 78 % at high current density of 8.2 milliamperes per square centimetre (mA cm(-2)) for long durability over 12 hours. Doi:10.1002_anie.202105966
 Dimer Copper Units &&atomic level dispersion&&Synthesis of a Boron-Imidazolate Framework Nanosheet with Dimer Copper Units for CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene Fundamental understanding of the dependence between the structure and composition on the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) would guide the rational design of highly efficient and selective electrocatalysts. A major impediment to the deep reduction CO2 to multi-carbon products is the complexity of carbon-carbon bond coupling. The chemically well-defined catalysts with atomically dispersed dual-metal sites are required for these C-C coupling involved processes. Here, we developed a catalyst (BIF-102NSs) that features Cl- bridged dimer copper (Cu-2) units, which delivers high catalytic activity and selectivity for C2H4. Mechanistic investigation verifies that neighboring Cu monomers not only perform as regulator for varying the reaction barrier, but also afford distinct reaction paths compared with isolated monomers, resulting in greatly improved electroreduction performance for CO2. Doi:10.1002_anie.202106004
CuxOyCz nanostructured electrocatalysts&&structure control&&A Metal-Organic Framework derived CuxOyCz Catalyst for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction and Impact of Local pH Change Developing highly efficient and selective electrocatalysts for the CO2 reduction reaction to produce value-added chemicals has been intensively pursued. We report a series of CuxOyCz nanostructured electrocatalysts derived from a Cu-based MOF as porous self-sacrificial template. Blending catalysts with polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) on gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) suppressed the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction. 25 to 50 wt % teflonized GDEs exhibited a Faradaic efficiency of approximate to 54 % for C2+ products at -80 mA cm(-2). The local OH- ions activity of PTFE-modified GDEs was assessed by means of closely positioning a Pt-nanoelectrode. A substantial increase in the OH-/H2O activity ratio due to the locally generated OH- ions at increasing current densities was determined irrespective of the PTFE amount. Doi:10.1002_anie.202108313
Cu-porphyrin&&atomic level dispersion&&Implanting Numerous Hydrogen-Bonding Networks in a Cu-Porphyrin-Based Nanosheet to Boost CH4 Selectivity in Neutral-Media CO2 Electroreduction The exploration of novel systems for the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) for the production of hydrocarbons like CH4 remains a giant challenge. Well-designed electrocatalysts with advantages like proton generation/transferring and intermediate-fixating for efficient CO2RR are much preferred yet largely unexplored. In this work, a kind of Cu-porphyrin-based large-scale (approximate to 1.5 mu m) and ultrathin nanosheet (approximate to 5 nm) has been successfully applied in electrochemical CO2RR. It exhibits a superior FECH4 of 70 % with a high current density (-183.0 mA cm(-2)) at -1.6 V under rarely reported neutral conditions and maintains FECH4 >51 % over a wide potential range (-1.5 to -1.7 V) in a flow cell. The high performance can be attributed to the construction of numerous hydrogen-bonding networks through the integration of diaminotriazine with Cu-porphyrin, which is beneficial for proton migration and intermediate stabilization, as supported by DFT calculations. This work paves a new way in exploring hydrogen-bonding-based materials as efficient CO2RR catalysts. Doi:10.1002_anie.202108388
 Single-Atom Cu-S1N3 Catalysts via Integration with Cu Nanoclusters&&atomic level dispersion&&A Tandem Strategy for Enhancing Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Activity of Single-Atom Cu-S1N3 Catalysts via Integration with Cu Nanoclusters We developed a tandem electrocatalyst for CO2-to-CO conversion comprising the single Cu site co-coordinated with N and S anchored carbon matrix (Cu-S1N3) and atomically dispersed Cu clusters (Cu-x), denoted as Cu-S1N3/Cu-x. The as-prepared Cu-S1N3/Cu-x composite presents a 100 % Faradaic efficiency towards CO generation (FECO) at -0.65 V vs. RHE and high FECO over 90 % from -0.55 to -0.75 V, outperforming the analogues with Cu-N-4 (FECO only 54 % at -0.7 V) and Cu-S1N3 (FECO 70 % at -0.7 V) configurations. The unsymmetrical Cu-S1N3 atomic interface in the carbon basal plane possesses an optimized binding energy for the key intermediate *COOH compared with Cu-N-4 site. At the same time, the adjacent Cu-x effectively promotes the protonation of *CO2- by accelerating water dissociation and offering *H to the Cu-S1N3 active sites. This work provides a tandem strategy for facilitating proton-coupled electron transfer over the atomic-level catalytic sites. Doi:10.1002_anie.202109579
selectively cover the (111) surface of Cu NCs with ultrathin Al2O3&&structure control&&Facet-Selective Deposition of Ultrathin Al2O3 on Copper Nanocrystals for Highly Stable CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene Catalysts based on Cu nanocrystals (NCs) for electrochemical CO2-to-C2+ conversion with high activity have been a subject of considerable interest, but poor stability and low selectivity for a single C2+ product remain obstacles for realizing sustainable carbon-neutral cycles. Here, we used the facet-selective atomic layer deposition (FS-ALD) technique to selectively cover the (111) surface of Cu NCs with ultrathin Al2O3 to increase the exposed facet ratio of (100)/(111), resulting in a faradaic efficiency ratio of C2H4/CH4 for overcoated Cu NCs 22 times higher than that for pure Cu NCs. Peak performance of the overcoated catalyst (Cu NCs/Al2O3-10C) reaches a C2H4 faradaic efficiency of 60.4 % at a current density of 300 mA cm(-2) in 5 M KOH electrolyte, when using a gas diffusion electrode flow cell. Moreover, the Al2O3 overcoating effectively suppresses the dynamic mobility and the aggregation of Cu NCs, which explains the negligible activity loss and selectivity degradations of Cu NCs/Al2O3-10C shown in stability tests. Doi:10.1002_anie.202109600
alloy&&alloy&&Ultrastable Cu Catalyst for CO2 Electroreduction to Multicarbon Liquid Fuels by Tuning C-C Coupling with CuTi Subsurface Production of multicarbon (C2+) liquid fuels is a challenging task for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction, mainly limited by the stabilization of reaction intermediates and their subsequent C-C couplings. In this work, we report a unique catalyst, the coordinatively unsaturated Cu sites on amorphous CuTi alloy (a-CuTi@Cu) toward electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to multicarbon (C2-4) liquid fuels. Remarkably, the electrocatalyst yields ethanol, acetone, and n-butanol as major products with a total C2-4 faradaic efficiency of about 49 % at -0.8 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), which can be maintained for at least 3 months. Theoretical simulations and in situ characterization reveals that subsurface Ti atoms can increase the electron density of surface Cu sites and enhance the adsorption of *CO intermediate, which in turn reduces the energy barriers required for *CO dimerization and trimerization. Doi:10.1002_anie.202110303
 the local high concentration of CO generated by PTF(Ni) sites can facilitate the C-C coupling to form C2H4 on the nearby Cu NP sites.&&composite&&Highly Selective Tandem Electroreduction of CO2 to Ethylene over Atomically Isolated Nickel-Nitrogen Site/Copper Nanoparticle Catalysts Herein, an effective tandem catalysis strategy is developed to improve the selectivity of the CO2RR towards C2H4 by multiple distinct catalytic sites in local vicinity. An earth-abundant elements-based tandem electrocatalyst PTF(Ni)/Cu is constructed by uniformly dispersing Cu nanoparticles (NPs) on the porphyrinic triazine framework anchored with atomically isolated nickel-nitrogen sites (PTF(Ni)) for the enhanced CO2RR to produce C2H4. The Faradaic efficiency of C2H4 reaches 57.3 % at -1.1 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), which is about 6 times higher than the non-tandem catalyst PTF/Cu, which produces CH4 as the major carbon product. The operando infrared spectroscopy and theoretic density functional theory (DFT) calculations reveal that the local high concentration of CO generated by PTF(Ni) sites can facilitate the C-C coupling to form C2H4 on the nearby Cu NP sites. The work offers an effective avenue to design electrocatalysts for the highly selective CO2RR to produce multicarbon products via a tandem route. Doi:10.1002_anie.202111136
engineering their A-site cation deficiencies&&defect&&Cation-Deficiency-Dependent CO2 Electroreduction over Copper-Based Ruddlesden-Popper Perovskite Oxides We report an effective strategy to enhance CO2 electroreduction (CER) properties of Cu-based Ruddlesden-Popper (RP) perovskite oxides by engineering their A-site cation deficiencies. With La2-xCuO4-delta (L2-xC, x=0, 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3) as proof-of-concept catalysts, we demonstrate that their CER activity and selectivity (to C2+ or CH4) show either a volcano-type or an inverted volcano-type dependence on the x values, with the extreme point at x=0.1. Among them, at -1.4 V, the L1.9C delivers the optimal activity (51.3 mA cm(-2)) and selectivity (41.5 %) for C2+, comparable to or better than those of most reported Cu-based oxides, while the L1.7C exhibits the best activity (25.1 mA cm(-2)) and selectivity (22.1 %) for CH4. Such optimized CER properties could be ascribed to the favorable merits brought by the cation-deficiency-induced oxygen vacancies and/or CuO/RP hybrids, including the facilitated adsorption/activation of key reaction species and thus the manipulated reaction pathways. Doi:10.1002_anie.202111670
Isolated Cu-S Motifs&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly Ethylene-Selective Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction Enabled by Isolated Cu-S Motifs in Metal-Organic Framework Based Precatalysts Copper-based materials are efficient electrocatalysts for the conversion of CO2 to C2+ products, and most these materials are reconstructed in situ to regenerate active species. It is a challenge to precisely design precatalysts to obtain active sites for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, we develop a strategy based on local sulfur doping of a Cu-based metal-organic framework precatalyst, in which the stable Cu-S motif is dispersed in the framework of HKUST-1 (S-HKUST-1). The precatalyst exhibits a high ethylene selectivity in an H-type cell with a maximum faradaic efficiency (FE) of 60.0 %, and delivers a current density of 400 mA cm(-2) with an ethylene FE up to 57.2 % in a flow cell. Operando X-ray absorption results demonstrate that Cu delta+ species stabilized by the Cu-S motif exist in S-HKUST-1 during CO2RR. Density functional theory calculations indicate the partially oxidized Cu delta+ at the Cu/CuxSy interface is favorable for coupling of the *CO intermediate due to the modest distance between coupling sites and optimized adsorption energy. Doi:10.1002_anie.202111700
the optimal electronic structure of the Sn active site can be regulated by both S-doping and Cu-alloying to favor formate formation&&defect&&Dynamic Restructuring of Cu-Doped SnS2 Nanoflowers for Highly Selective Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Formate With ever-increasing energy consumption and continuous rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration, electrochemical reduction of CO2 into chemicals/fuels is becoming a promising yet challenging solution. Sn-based materials are identified as attractive electrocatalysts for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to formate but suffer from insufficient selectivity and activity, especially at large cathodic current densities. Herein, we demonstrate that Cu-doped SnS2 nanoflowers can undergo in situ dynamic restructuring to generate catalytically active S-doped Cu/Sn alloy for highly selective electrochemical CO2RR to formate over a wide potential window. Theoretical thermodynamic analysis of reaction energetics indicates that the optimal electronic structure of the Sn active site can be regulated by both S-doping and Cu-alloying to favor formate formation, while the CO and H-2 pathways will be suppressed. Our findings provide a rational strategy for electronic modulation of metal active site(s) for the design of active and selective electrocatalysts towards CO2RR. Doi:10.1002_anie.202111905
Cu atoms are modified by unsaturated carboxylate ligands&&atomic level dispersion&&Dynamic Restructuring of Coordinatively Unsaturated Copper Paddle Wheel Clusters to Boost Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to Hydrocarbons** The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to hydrocarbons involves a multistep proton-coupled electron transfer (PCET) reaction. Second coordination sphere engineering is reported to be effective in the PCET process; however, little is known about the actual catalytic active sites under realistic operating conditions. We have designed a defect-containing metal-organic framework, HKUST-1, through a facile "atomized trimesic acid" strategy, in which Cu atoms are modified by unsaturated carboxylate ligands, producing coordinatively unsaturated Cu paddle wheel (CU-CPW) clusters. We investigate the dynamic behavior of the CU-CPW during electrochemical reconstruction through the comprehensive analysis of in situ characterization results. It is demonstrated that Cu-2(HCOO)(3) is maintained after electrochemical reconstruction and that is behaves as an active site. Mechanistic studies reveal that CU-CPW accelerates the proton-coupled multi-electron transfer (PCMET) reaction, resulting in a deep CO2 reduction reaction. Doi:10.1002_anie.202112116
Cu with defects and low-coordinated sites&&defect&&A Reconstructed Cu2P2O7 Catalyst for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Multicarbon Products The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) over Cu-based catalysts shows great potential for converting CO2 into multicarbon (C2+) fuels and chemicals. Herein, we introduce an A(2)M(2)O(7) structure into a Cu-based catalyst through a solid-state reaction synthesis method. The Cu2P2O7 catalyst is electrochemically reduced to metallic Cu with a significant structure evolution from grain aggregates to highly porous structure under CO2RR conditions. The reconstructed Cu2P2O7 catalyst achieves a Faradaic efficiency of 73.6 % for C2+ products at an applied current density of 350 mA cm(-2), remarkably higher than the CuO counterparts. The reconstructed Cu2P2O7 catalyst has a high electrochemically active surface area, abundant defects, and low-coordinated sites. In situ Raman spectroscopy and density functional theory calculations reveal that CO adsorption with bridge and atop configurations is largely improved on Cu with defects and low-coordinated sites, which decreased the energy barrier of the C-C coupling reaction for C2+ products. Doi:10.1002_anie.202114238
control of a certain facet in the Ag crystal structure by the additives&&structure control&&Ag Displacement on Cu Foam with Additives for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Carbon Monoxide For electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to carbon monoxide, an Ag catalyst supported by Cu foam was prepared electrochemically by bubble-templated Cu electrodeposition and subsequent Ag galvanic displacement. The morphology and crystal structure of the displaced Ag on the Cu foam varied significantly depending on the type of additive. Electrochemical analysis revealed variations in the electrochemical surface area and different Ag and Cu surface compositions depending on the type of additive used in the Ag galvanic displacement step. Among the prepared Ag/Cu foams, the foam having the highest Ag(220)/Ag(111) ratio exhibited the highest CO Faradaic efficiency at a certain constant potential. In the potential range between -0.46 and -0.96 VRHE, the Ag(220)/Ag(111) ratio significantly affected the normalized CO partial current, showing the importance of control of a certain facet in the Ag crystal structure by the additives. Doi:10.1002_bkcs.11225
 The imidazolium groups in the cationic ICTF not only can enhance CO2 capture capacity and lower the energetic barrier to activate CO2, but also the in situ formed N-heterocyclic carbenes (NHC) could stabilize Cu NPs to prevent their deactivation. &&composite&&Imidazolium-Functionalized Cationic Covalent Triazine Frameworks Stabilized Copper Nanoparticles for Enhanced CO2 Electroreduction The highly selective production of reduced multicarbon products with long-term durability for CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2RR) using clean and renewable electricity is currently a major challenge. Copper nanoparticles (Cu NPs) are exceptionally advantageous for CO2RR to yield multielectron transfer chemical products such as ethylene and ethanol. However, Cu NPs for CO2RR generally require high overpotential to produce multiple electron transfer C2+ products with poor stability. Herein, an imidazolium-functionalized covalent triazine framework (ICTF) stabilized Cu NPs (Cu/ICTF) for the enhanced CO2RR to produce ethylene is reported. The imidazolium groups in the cationic ICTF not only can enhance CO2 capture capacity and lower the energetic barrier to activate CO2, but also the in situ formed N-heterocyclic carbenes (NHC) could stabilize Cu NPs to prevent their deactivation. Thus, the Cu/ICTF demonstrated higher selectivity (35 %) for the electroreduction of CO2 to ethylene with larger partial current density of ethylene (4.14 mA cm(-2)) over the unmodified neutral CTF stabilized Cu NPs (Cu/CTF) with 29 % Faradaic efficiency (FE) of ethylene and current density of 3.69 mA cm(-2). Moreover, the active sites could be stabilized by the in situ produced NHC in ICTF and the current density and C2H4 FE of Cu/ICTF50 were almost maintained after 10 h continuous electrolysis experiment, while the C2H4 FE of Cu/CTF50 were lost ca. 42 % of its original value after 7 h. This strategy provides a facile approach to stabilize active sites for CO2RR and may bring new inspiration to apply in energy storage and conversion. Doi:10.1002_cctc.202000387
copper-N-heteroaromatic ligand complexes&&atomic level dispersion&&Robust Electroreduction of CO2 at a Poly(4-vinylpyridine)-Copper Electrode The development of efficient and robust catalysts based on earth-abundant and nontoxic materials is critical for the viability of the electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 into useful chemicals. Herein, we report a new class of electrocatalysts with incorporated mechanisms of their stabilization. A Cu electrode coated with a poly(4-vinyl pyridine) film synthesizes formate at a faradaic efficiency of 40% at an overpotential of -0.67 V, and its catalytic activity does not degrade after 30 h of operation. We attribute the outstanding catalytic properties of the new hybrid material to the formation of Cu-polymer complexes, as well as to new intrinsic mechanisms of the electrode stabilization offered by the N-heteroaromatic polymer. This is the first report of CO2 electroreduction with copper-N-heteroaromatic ligand complexes. More generally, our study offers a new simple strategy to design and prepare robust CO2 reduction electrocatalysts based on earth-abundant metals. Doi:10.1002_celc.201500421
 The enhancement in ethylene formation is presumably attributed to the formation of grain boundaries,&&structure control&&CO2 Electroreduction with Enhanced Ethylene and Ethanol Selectivity by Nanostructuring Polycrystalline Copper There are a number of recent reports on the use of oxidation/reduction cycling of Cu surfaces to improve their selectivity for ethylene formation in the aqueous CO2 reduction reaction. Here, the oxidation/reduction process is examined in detail. It is found that the faradaic efficiencies for both ethylene and ethanol are enhanced after oxidation/reduction cycling in the presence of halide anions. Specifically, cycling of the electrode in the presence of chloride, bromide, or fluoride anions allows for an ethylene faradaic efficiency of approximately 15.2 %, a factor of 1.5 higher than that for polycrystalline copper (at -1.0 V vs. RHE). The faradaic efficiency for ethanol is also enhanced from 2.65 to approximately 7.6 %. The effects of electrochemical oxidation/reduction with the chloride anion were investigated by using in situ Raman spectroscopy, and the changes in the surface morphology of copper were monitored by using SEM. Consistent with prior reports, it is observed that during the oxidation part of the cycle, anodic corrosion forms a Cu2O layer, which consists of cubical crystals of about 150 nm. During the reduction sweep, it is converted to metallic copper, which forms irregular Cu nanoparticles of around 20 nm in diameter. The enhancement in ethylene formation is presumably attributed to the formation of grain boundaries, which may serve as active sites. Doi:10.1002_celc.201600068
hollow CuS microcubes&&structure control&&Hollow CuS Microcube Electrocatalysts for CO2 Reduction Reaction Electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) is a promising strategy to mitigate or to address the issues caused by increasing CO2 emissions, but the implementation of such a technique highly depends on the exploration of highly efficient electrocatalysts toward the CO2RR. Here, we report a reliable route for the synthesis of hollow CuS microcubes (h-CuS MCs) through a galvanic replacement reaction of the Cu2O microcube (Cu2O MC) precursor. A variety of characteristic techniques, including X-ray diffraction, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, Raman spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy, and transmission electron microscopy, were performed to study the morphology, crystalline structure, and surface properties. Systematic electrochemical studies demonstrate that the electrocatalytic activity for CO2RR is sensitive to crystalline structure, morphology, and size of Cu-based materials. The h-CuS MCs manifest the highest electrocatalytic activity upon electrocatalyzing CO2RR among the set of Cu-based materials tested, as evidenced by a rather low overpotential and an enhanced faradaic efficiency for CO production. Doi:10.1002_celc.201700517
The optimized Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures on BDDL were found to be in the size range of 50 to 100 nm with a 3 to 10nm SnOx-rich shell.&&structure control&&Facile Deposition of Cu-SnOx Hybrid Nanostructures on Lightly Boron-Doped Diamond Electrodes for CO2 Reduction In this work, we report a facile synthesis of Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures on lightly boron-doped diamond (BDDL) electrodes by a potentiodynamic electrodeposition method. The deposition potential for Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures was cycled between 0 to -1.0V vs Ag/AgCl for five consecutive runs at a scan rate of 50 mV/sec. The growth of the Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures on BDDL was optimized by varying the number of potentiodynamic deposition cycles and precursor concentration. A uniform particle size distribution of Cu-SnOx was obtained on BDDL using 10 mM CuSO4 and 5 mM SnCl2 in 50 mM aqueous NaNO3. Detail of surface morphology and surface elemental composition of the optimized Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures modified BDDL electrodes were characterized. The optimized Cu-SnOx hybrid nanostructures on BDDL were found to be in the size range of 50 to 100 nm with a 3 to 10nm SnOx-rich shell. This optimized Cu-SnOx modified BDDL electrode was tested for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction in aqueous electrolyte and found to produce primarily CO with a Faradaic Efficiency of up to 82.5% at -1.6V vs Ag/AgCl. Doi:10.1002_celc.201800460
Cu3N-derived Cu nanowires, with a high density of grain boundaries&&structure control&&Selective Electroreduction of CO2 to C2 Products over Cu3N-Derived Cu Nanowires Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to value-added multicarbon products, which can be used as fuels or indirectly as fuel precursors, is a promising approach to reduce CO2 levels and mitigate the energy crisis. However, poor product selectivity is still a major obstacle in the development of CO2 reduction. Here, Cu3N-derived Cu nanowires, with a high density of grain boundaries, are synthesized and demonstrated as an efficient electrocatalyst for electrochemical reduction CO2 to C2 products. The as-prepared catalyst exhibits excellent activity and selectivity for the production of C2 products, with a maximum faradaic efficiency of 86% at -1.0V, and long-term stability throughout 28h of electrolysis. Doi:10.1002_celc.201801826
electrodeposition of copper (I) oxide (Cu2O) catalytic films on a gas diffusion layer&&structure control&&Electrodeposited Cu2O Films on Gas Diffusion Layers for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene in an Alkaline Flow Electrolyzer Novel electrodes for the electroreduction of CO2 were prepared by the electrodeposition of copper (I) oxide (Cu2O) catalytic films on a gas diffusion layer. Different electrodes were prepared by varying the deposition time, corresponding to catalyst loadings of 0.37, 0.74, 2.22, 3.70 mg cm(-2) and a total charge density of 0.5, 1, 3, and 5 C cm(-2), respectively. The electrodes were characterized with SEM, XRD, and UPD. The effect of catalyst loading on the selectivity towards ethylene was investigated in an alkaline flow electrolyzer under ambient conditions. The electrodes were found to be highly selective (>60 %) towards ethylene. The 1 C cm(-2) electrode reached Faradaic efficiency values as high as 67 % at industrially relevant current densities of 183 mA cm(-2), -0.8 V cathode overpotential and 36 % cell energy efficiency. This performance was attributed to the interplaying role of applied potential, local pH, availability of active sites, and reduced CO2 mass transport limitations. Doi:10.1002_celc.201900971
different structures and morphologies&&structure control&&Microwave-Assisted Synthesis of Copper-Based Electrocatalysts for Converting Carbon Dioxide to Tunable Syngas Copper (Cu)-based materials for efficient CO2 conversion to adjustable syngas are reported. We employ an energy-efficient microwave-assisted route to synthesize copper/copper oxides with different structures and morphologies. The initial oxidation state of the copper on the surface significantly influences the performance of the materials in the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). On the as-prepared material surface, a high content of Cu2O improves the selectivity toward CO and consequently the catalyzed CO2RR produce a syngas with a low H-2/CO ratio, while the CuO performs poorly. In particular, Cu2O particles with a cubic shape show the highest selectivity for the CO formation. The superior catalytic activity of the Cu2O cubes for the CO2RR is attributed to the surface roughening under potential, which offers abundant electrochemically active sites and facilitates mass transport. Doi:10.1002_celc.201901730
Alloy&&alloy&&CuSn Alloy Nanoparticles on Nitrogen-Doped Graphene for Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction We report an efficient electrocatalyst utilizing non-noble metals consisting of Cu and Sn supported on nitrogen-doped graphene (NG) for reduction of CO2 over a wide potential range. The CuSn alloy nanoparticles (NPs) on NG were prepared through a hydrothermal method followed by pyrolysis under nitrogen atmosphere to achieve a uniform dispersion of the alloy NPs. The CuSn NP (Cu/Sn ratio of 0.175) decorated NG catalyst performed electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 into C1 products at a Faradaic efficiency (FE) of nearly 93 % at an overpotential of -1.0 V vs. RHE, considerably higher than that of the Cu and Sn counterparts, i. e., 32 % and 58 %, respectively. The enhanced catalytic activity could be attributed to the collaboration between the CuSn alloy and Sn metal. The first-principles density functional theory (DFT) simulation results indicate that the CuSn bimetal alloy nanoparticles enable more H atoms to participate in the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 and exhibit an improved CO2 capture performance. In addition, the CuSn alloy having a lower barrier than that of Sn metal can accelerate the CO2 reduction process. This study presents the strategy that utilizes low-cost non-noble metals as highly efficient electrocatalysts for aqueous reduction of CO2. Doi:10.1002_celc.201901381
dendritic &&structure control&&Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 into C1 and C2 Hydrocarbons Using Dendritic Cu and Cu2O Electrodes Electroreduction of carbon dioxide to C1 and C2 hydrocarbons has emerged as an efficient way to utilize carbon dioxide and maintain the broken carbon-cycle in the environment. Copper is a promising catalyst for such a purpose. The selectivity and stability of hydrocarbon production is still a challenge. Here we propose a simple one-step electro-deposition of copper followed by annealing in air, in which the dendritic structures of Cu and Cu2O electrodes have been prepared, to enhance the copper-electrode properties in terms of morphology, selectivity, stability, and electrochemical performance. The selectivity of ethylene using modified dendritic Cu2O electrodes remains stable (from 19.21% to 18.01%) after the course of over 10hours by applying a constant potential of -1.4V. Our finding suggests a promising lead for the design of practical catalytic electrodes for the fuel synthesis with electrochemical CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1002_celc.201902035
nano-sized CuO catalysts &&structure control&&Syngas Production from Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on Copper Oxide Electrodes in Aqueous Solution Electrochemical CO2 reduction to value-added chemicals and fuels using renewable energy represents a promising strategy for reducing CO2 emissions and achieving effective energy storage. In this work, nano-sized CuO catalysts were prepared by using the homogeneous precipitation method for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO. The CO2 reduction studies combined with the characterization results show that structure-activity relationships of the CuO catalysts depend on the calcination temperature. The as-synthesized CuO catalysts calcined at different temperatures are capable of reducing CO2 to generate syngas with tunable CO/H-2 ratios of 1 : 2 to 2 : 1. The desired CuO-400 catalyst exhibits good morphology, small particle size, and enriched oxygen-vacancy defects and, therefore, shows good performance for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO. Under the given potential of -0.93 V vs. RHE, CuO-400 exhibits good reduction activity and selectivity with a great electrochemically active surface area normalized CO partial current density of 1.44 mA/cm(2) and a high CO faradaic efficiency of 48.2 %. The deactivation of CuO-400 in the long-term test is associated with the increase in particle size, the reduction of CuO to Cu2O and metallic Cu, and the coverage of surface active sites by the formed carbonate species. Our findings indicate that CuO catalysts with tunable physicochemical properties are promising candidates for electrochemical CO2 reduction to produce syngas. Doi:10.1002_celc.202001504
we present a facile method to combine the high-curvature structure and the grain boundary to enhance the selectivity of the CO2RR to ethylene over a CuO catalyst.&&structure control&&Controllable Synthesis of Leaf-Like CuO Nanosheets for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Ethylene The carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) driven by renewable electricity is a promising way to tackle the CO2 emission woes and recycle use of CO2. The synthesis of electrocatalysts with high activity and selectivity for CO2RR to ethylene remains a great challenge. Herein, leaf-like CuO nanosheets are fabricated in situ on nitrogen-doped graphene (NG) by using a novel reduction-oxidation-reconstruction process. When used as a catalyst for the CO2RR in 0.1 M KHCO3, a high faradaic efficiency of approximately 30 % for ethylene with an ultra-high ethylene/methane ratio of 190 was achieved at -1.3 V vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode. The SEM and TEM images confirm the leaf-like CuO nanosheets display high-curvature structures, while multiple distinguished grain boundaries constructed by CuO(110) and CuO(111) planes are verified by HRTEM. For the first time, we present a facile method to combine the high-curvature structure and the grain boundary to enhance the selectivity of the CO2RR to ethylene over a CuO catalyst. Doi:10.1002_celc.202000235
Nanostructured&&structure control&&CO2-to-HCOOH Electrochemical Conversion on Nanostructured CuxPd100-x/Carbon Catalysts Selective electrochemical conversion of CO2 to HCOOH is obtained at the surface of a carbon-supported bimetallic cathode material composed of copper and palladium nanoparticles. Polycrystalline copper or large copper particles are well-known to catalyze CO2 reduction to hydrocarbons at relatively negative potentials, or when their surface is covered by copper oxides (Cu2O and CuO). Cu-based materials modified by various palladium contents (0<x<100), were synthesized by using the microwave-assisted polyol method to serve as a cathode in the selective CO2-into-HCOOH transformation. Herein, we developed a targeted preparation route toward the metal content/catalytic activity relationship correlating atomic ratio with faradaic efficiency (FE) to formate formation (ca. 60 % FE) at -0.72 V vs. RHE, which represents a 703 mV overpotential at pH=7. Consequently, the occurrence of this reduction reaction slows down the parallel H-2 production from the solvent consumption, while the neighboring Cu-Pd provides excellent activity and a good efficiency toward CO2 reduction via the hydridation of the CO2 molecule to orientate the reaction to formate rather than carbon monoxide or H-2 evolution. Doi:10.1002_celc.202100268
 bimetallic alloy/oxide nanowire catalyst with core-shell configuration&&structure control&&Engineering Bimetallic Copper-Tin Based Core-Shell Alloy@Oxide Nanowire as Efficient Catalyst for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Pursuing both high effective and selective electrocatalysts is significant for efficient and low-cost electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction. Here, we design a novel bimetallic alloy/oxide nanowire catalyst with core-shell configuration. A typical CuSn alloy core provides high electrical conductivity while the amorphous Cu doped SnO2 shell guarantees the catalytic activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction process. Computational studies further elucidate the important role of Cu doped SnO2 layer in the electrocatalytic selectivity for formate and the restraint of hydrogen production. Benefited from the well-designed components and hierarchical configuration, the as-prepared electrocatalyst displays a partial current density of 30 mA cm(-2) with a Faradaic efficiency of 78 % at -0.9 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) for formate. This work provides a new pathway to design advanced electrocatalyst for CO2 electrochemical reduction. Doi:10.1002_celc.202100623
Cu(core)/CuO(shell) catalyst&&structure control&&Investigation of a Cu(core)/CuO(shell) Catalyst for Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 in Aqueous Soultion In this work, we investigate the electrochemical reduction of CO2 on a Cu(core)/CuO(shell) catalyst in aqueous electrolytes in a flow reactor. This catalyst predominantly produce CO and HCOOH, and Faradaic efficiency are 21.5% and 20.2% at - 1.73 V vs. Ag/AgCl, respectively. During the process of electrochemical reduction of CO2 in aqueous solution, a small amount of methanol is produced, Faradaic efficiency is around 1% similar to 2.5%. A study of the electrochemical behavior of Cu(core)/CuO(shell) in a standard three-electrode cell reveal transformations between Cu, Cu(I), and CuO as a function of applied potential. The results are confirmed by XPS. This interplay between different Cu oxidation states and the presence of the oxide surface to promote proton adsorption may benefit the formation of complicated products. Doi:No DOI3
We controlled the morphologies of copper (Cu) nanostructure on aligned carbon nanotube (CNT) sheets, influencing the efficiency of the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2.&&structure control&&Aligned carbon nanotube/copper sheets: a new electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction to hydrocarbons We controlled the morphologies of copper (Cu) nanostructure on aligned carbon nanotube (CNT) sheets, influencing the efficiency of the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2. Functionalized CNT sheets affected the pulsed electrodeposition of copper in terms of 3D growth, bonding, and electrochemical activity. CNT/Cu sheet electrocatalyst shows high performance in electrochemical reduction of CO2 to hydrocarbons at room temperature and atmospheric pressure. Reduction products were carbon monoxide (CO), methane (CH4), and ethylene (C2H4) gases. Carbon monoxide yields (178 mu mol cm(2) mA(-1) h(-1)) and methane yields (346 mu mol cm(2) mA(-1) h(-1)) at oxygen- plasma- treated CNT/Cu sheet electrodes were remarkably higher than other CNT/ Cu and CNT sheets. Experimental results also show 3D morphology of copper growth on CNT sheets may play a critical role in hydrocarbon products from CO2. Doi:No DOI6
 bimetallic Cu-Bi electrocatalysts with nanometer-sized grains&&structure control&&High Selectivity Towards Formate Production by Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide at Copper-Bismuth Dendrites The electrochemical reduction of CO2 provides an alternative carbon-neutral path for renewable synthesis of fuels and value-added chemicals. This work demonstrates that dendritic, bimetallic Cu-Bi electrocatalysts with nanometer-sized grains are capable of formate generation with a high selectivity. Optimizing composition of electrocatalyst could achieve a faradic efficiency of 90 % at -0.8 to -0.9 V-RHE, and a partial current of more than 2 mA cm(-2). The combination of Cu with Bi enables modulation of the adsorption strength of intermediates. This leads to an increased selectivity and suppressed formation of spurious species, especially hydrogen and CO. Comparison of product distribution for Cu-In versus Cu-Bi indicated that Bi is essential to induce a favorable adsorption configuration of the intermediate species and to promote formate production. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201801708
The improvement is suggested to be the result of a synergistic effect between PdH and the catalytically active copper sites during electrochemical CO2 reduction.&&composite&&Electrohydrogenation of Carbon Dioxide using a Ternary Pd/Cu2O-Cu Catalyst A simple one-pot method has been developed to synthesize a palladium/cuprous oxide-copper (Pd/Cu2O-Cu) material with a well-defined structure, by modification of Cu2O-Cu with Pd through a galvanic replacement reaction. Compared with the well-known copper/cuprous oxide (Cu/Cu2O) catalysts, the Pd/Cu2O-Cu material can catalyze the electroreduction of CO2 into C-1 products with much higher faradaic efficiencies at lower overpotentials in a CO2-saturated 0.5 m NaHCO3 solution. In particular, the highest faradaic efficiencies of 92 % for formate and 30 % for methane were achieved at -0.25 and -0.65 V (vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode), respectively. The improvement is suggested to be the result of a synergistic effect between PdH and the catalytically active copper sites during electrochemical CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201901636
core-shell structure&&structure control&&Structure-Tunable Copper-Indium Catalysts for Highly Selective CO2 Electroreduction to CO or HCOOH Selectively approaching chemicals with one composition-tunable catalyst is attractive for practical manufacturing. Bimetallic copper-indium (Cu-In) catalysts have been synthesized by using a coprecipitation method and found to be among the best reported In-based catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO or HCOOH. By varying the metal ratio, the catalyst can be tuned from a core-shell structure that selectively produces CO to a well-mixed structure that prefers HCOOH production. The distinct selectivities depend on the structure-sensitive binding strength of key reactive intermediates. These findings can benefit the development of a broader range of selectivity-tunable catalysts. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201901884
well-mixed structure&&structure control&&Structure-Tunable Copper-Indium Catalysts for Highly Selective CO2 Electroreduction to CO or HCOOH Selectively approaching chemicals with one composition-tunable catalyst is attractive for practical manufacturing. Bimetallic copper-indium (Cu-In) catalysts have been synthesized by using a coprecipitation method and found to be among the best reported In-based catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO or HCOOH. By varying the metal ratio, the catalyst can be tuned from a core-shell structure that selectively produces CO to a well-mixed structure that prefers HCOOH production. The distinct selectivities depend on the structure-sensitive binding strength of key reactive intermediates. These findings can benefit the development of a broader range of selectivity-tunable catalysts. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201901884
isolated Cu sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Carbon-Nanotube-Supported Copper Polyphthalocyanine for Efficient and Selective Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to CO Electroreduction of CO2 to CO is one of the simplest ways to valorise CO2 as a source of carbon. Herein, a cheap, robust, Cu-based hybrid catalyst consisting of a polymer of Cu phthalocyanine coated on carbon nanotubes, which proved to be selective for CO production (80 % faradaic yield) at relatively low overpotentials, was developed. Polymerisation of Cu phthalocyanine was shown to have a drastic effect on the selectivity of the reaction because molecular Cu phthalocyanine was instead selective for proton reduction under the same conditions. Although the material only showed isolated Cu sites in phthalocyanine-like CuN4 coordination, in situ and operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy showed that, under operating conditions, the Cu atoms were fully converted to Cu nanoparticles, which were likely the catalytically active species. Interestingly, this restructuring of the metal sites was reversible. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201902859
At the bimetallic electrodes, ZnO-derived active sites are selective for CO formation and highly conductive Cu favors electron transport in the catalyst layer as well as charge transfer at the electrode/electrolyte interface.&&composite&&Coupled Copper-Zinc Catalysts for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide A catalyst plays a key role in the electrochemical reduction of CO(2)to valuable chemicals and fuels. Hence, the development of efficient and inexpensive catalysts has attracted great interest from both the academic and industrial communities. In this work, low-cost catalysts coupling Cu and Zn are designed and prepared with a green microwave-assisted route. The Cu to Zn ratio in the catalysts can be easily tuned by adjusting the precursor solutions. The obtained Cu-Zn catalysts are mainly composed of polycrystalline Cu particles and monocrystalline ZnO nanoparticles. The electrodes with optimized Cu-Zn catalysts show enhanced CO production rates of approximately 200 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2)with respect to those with a monometallic Cu or ZnO catalyst under the same applied potential. At the bimetallic electrodes, ZnO-derived active sites are selective for CO formation and highly conductive Cu favors electron transport in the catalyst layer as well as charge transfer at the electrode/electrolyte interface. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202000971
graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4)-supported Cu2O composite&&composite&&Unveiling the Synergistic Effect between Graphitic Carbon Nitride and Cu2O toward CO2 Electroreduction to C2H4 Electrochemically reducing carbon dioxide (CO2RR) to ethylene is one of the most promising strategies to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and simultaneously produce high value-added chemicals. However, the lack of catalysts with excellent activity and stability limits the large-scale application of this technology. In this work, a graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4)-supported Cu2O composite was fabricated, which exhibited a 32.2 % faradaic efficiency of C2H4 with a partial current density of -4.3 mA cm(-2) at -1.1 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode in 0.1 m KHCO3 electrolyte. The introduction of g-C3N4 support not only enhanced the uniform dispersion of Cu2O nanocubes, but also stabilized the important *CO intermediates. Moreover, the g-C3N4 itself had a good activity of reducing CO2 to form *CO, which enriched the key intermediates of C-C coupling around cuprous oxide. The findings highlight the importance of the g-C3N4 support, a unique two-dimensional material, including not only the strong CO2 adsorption and activation capacity but also its synergistic effect with the cuprous oxide in CO2RR selectivity. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202002427
Cu electrodes derived from Cu2O with predominant (111) facets&&structure control&&Electrochemical Production of Formic Acid from CO2 with Cetyltrimethylammonium Bromide-Assisted Copper-Based Catalysts The electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERC) to valuable chemicals has attracted extensive attention. However, the relatively low selectivity and efficiency of the reaction remain challenges. In this study, Cu electrodes derived from Cu2O with predominant (111) facets are synthesized by cetyltrimethylammonium bromide-assisted preparation. The optimized electrode shows a high faradaic efficiency of 90 % for HCOOH obtained by ERC at -2.0 V (vs.SCE), which surpasses most reported Cu electrodes. Based on a comprehensive analysis of the relationship between the catalytic activity and the thickness of the Cu2O layer, the catalytic activity of the unit active site on the Cu2O-derived Cu electrodes is found to be higher than that on the blank Cu electrode. DFT calculations indicate that OCHO* would be produced preferentially over *COOH in the presence of cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB). This deduction is verified by testing of the effects of CTAB and KBr addition on HCOO- selectivity. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202100275
 the role of abundant phase boundaries between CdS and Cu+/Cu sites in the SD-CuCd2 catalyst in enhancing the selectivity and efficiency of ethanol formation at low potentials&&composite&&CdS-Enhanced Ethanol Selectivity in Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction at Sulfide-Derived Cu-Cd The development of Cu-based catalysts for the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (eCO(2)RR) is of major interest for generating commercially important C-2 liquid products such as ethanol. Cu is exclusive among the eCO(2)RR metallic catalysts in that it facilitates the formation of a range of highly reduced C-2 products, with a reasonable total faradaic efficiency but poor product selectivity. Here, a series of new sulfide-derived copper-cadmium catalysts (SD-CuxCdy) was developed. An excellent faradaic efficiency of around 32 % but with a relatively low current density of 0.6 mA cm(-2) for ethanol was obtained using the SD-CuCd2 catalyst at the relatively low overpotential of 0.89 V in a CO2-saturated aqueous 0.10 m KHCO3 solution with an H-cell. The current density increased by an order of magnitude under similar conditions using a flow cell where the mass transport rate for CO2 was greatly enhanced. Ex situ spectroscopic and microscopic, and voltammetric investigations pointed to the role of abundant phase boundaries between CdS and Cu+/Cu sites in the SD-CuCd2 catalyst in enhancing the selectivity and efficiency of ethanol formation at low potentials. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202100903
The interaction between the metal and carbon nitride in the heterostructured catalysts improves the intrinsic electrical conductivity and the charge transfer processes at metal-support interfaces.&&composite&&A Cu2O-derived Polymeric Carbon Nitride Heterostructured Catalyst for the Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Ethylene The electroreduction of carbon dioxide to hydrocarbons has been proposed as a promising way to utilize CO2 and maintain the ecosystem carbon balance. However, the selective reduction of CO2 to C-2 hydrocarbons is still challenging. In this study, a highly efficient heterostructured catalyst has been developed, composed of a carbon nitride (CN)-encapsulated copper oxide hybrid (CuxO/CN). The interaction between the metal and carbon nitride in the heterostructured catalysts improves the intrinsic electrical conductivity and the charge transfer processes at metal-support interfaces. A remarkable enhancement in the selectivity of hydrocarbons is achieved with these modified Cu-based electrocatalysts, with an onset potential of -0.4 V and high C2H4 faradaic efficiency of 42.2 %, and these catalysts can also effectively suppress H-2 evolution during the CO2 reduction reaction. This work provides a simple and cost-effective method for synthesizing CN-encapsulated catalysts that provides the possibility of efficiently converting CO2 into C-2 hydrocarbons. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202100659
the sheet size of the LDH sheet is a critical parameter&&structure control&&Copper Aluminum Layered Double Hydroxides with Different Compositions and Morphologies as Electrocatalysts for the Carbon Dioxide Reduction Reaction Electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR) is a key technology to convert greenhouse gas CO2 to value-added products, such as CO and formic acid (HCOOH). In the present study, two-dimensional Cu- and Al-based layered double hydroxides (Cu-Al/LDHs) were applied as CO2RR catalysts. The catalysts were synthesized using a simple co-precipitation method employing sodium carbonate solutions with different pH and synthesis temperatures. The elemental ratio of Cu and Al, and sheet size were controlled. The most active Cu-Al/LDH showed a faradaic efficiency for CO generation of 42 % and one for formate generation of 22 % at the current density of 50 mA using a gas diffusion electrode system under galvanostatic conditions. Our result indicates that the sheet size of the LDH sheet is a critical parameter for determining CO2RR activity. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202102340
 the distinctive CH4 selectivity is due to the sub-nanometer size of the derived materials&&atomic level dispersion&&Molecular Stabilization of Sub-Nanometer Cu Clusters for Selective CO2 Electromethanation Electrochemical CO2 methanation powered by renewable electricity provides a promising approach to utilizing CO2 in the form of a high-energy-density, clean fuel. Cu nanoclusters have been predicted by theoretical calculations to improve methane selectivity. Direct electrochemical reduction of Cu-based metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) results in large-size Cu nanoparticles which favor multi-carbon products. This study concerns an electrochemical oxidation-reduction method to prepare Cu clusters from MOFs. The derived Cu clusters exhibit a faradaic efficiency of 51.2 % for CH4 with a partial current density of >150 mA cm(-2). High-resolution microscopy, in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy, in situ Raman spectroscopy, and a range of ex situ spectroscopies indicate that the distinctive CH4 selectivity is due to the sub-nanometer size of the derived materials, as well as stabilization of the clusters by residual ligands of the pristine MOF. This work offers a new insight into steering product selectivity of Cu by an electrochemical processing method. Doi:10.1002_cssc.202102010
 the controlled and direct fabrication of Cu2O/CuO thin film on the conductive nickel foam using electrodeposition route &&structure control&&Cu2O/CuO Electrocatalyst for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Methanol Herein, we report the controlled and direct fabrication of Cu2O/CuO thin film on the conductive nickel foam using electrodeposition route for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to methanol. The electrocatalytic reduction was performed in CO2 saturated aqueous solution consisting of KHCO3, pyridine and HCl at room temperature. CO2 reduction was carried out at a constant potential of -1.3 V for 120 min to study the electrochemical performance of the prepared electrocatalysts. Cu2O/CuO shows better electrocatalytic activity with highest current density of 46 mA/cm(2). The prepared catalyst can be an efficient and selective electrode for the production of methanol. Doi:10.1002_elan.202060265
electro-deposited copper-based catalysts with Cu(200)&&structure control&&Evaluation of the Impact of Surface Reconstruction on Rough Electrodeposited Copper-Based Catalysts for Carbon Dioxide Electroreduction Carbon dioxide electroreduction (CO2ELR) can combine the use of a gaseous waste byproduct (CO2) with electricity from renewable sources to produce low-carbon fuels and useful chemicals. Recent reports pointed out the superior performance of rough copper polycrystalline catalysts; however, reconstruction that takes place on such surfaces is under investigation. This report highlights the importance of copper surface reconstruction on rough surfaces during CO2ELR. Electrodeposited copper-based catalysts composed primarily of Cu(111) were examined under CO2ELR conditions, and it was found that they underwent reconstruction towards Cu(200). The main hydrocarbon product of electro-deposited copper-based catalysts with Cu(200) was CH4. The Cu/Cu catalyst achieved up to 40% Faradaic efficiency (FE) to CH4 and low H-2 efficiency (16% FE) at -1.07V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), at a current density of -86 mAcm(-2). This study provides new insights regarding the correlation of copper crystal orientation and selectivity on rough copper surfaces and the impact of copper reconstruction on the reaction. Doi:10.1002_ente.201600583
nanoporous, structured, Sn-based catalyst electrodes&&structure control&&Nanoporous structured Sn-MWCNT/Cu electrodes fabricated by electrodeposition-chemical dezincification for catalytic CO2 reduction A facile method is developed to fabricate nanoporous, structured, Sn-based catalyst electrodes. Sn, Zn, and multiwalled carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) are co-electrodeposited on a copper substrate, followed by chemical dezincification in NaOH aqueous solution to remove Zn. By controlling variables such as the contents of Zn and MWCNTs, a series of Sn-MWCNT/Cu (SZMC) electrodes are fabricated. Experimental results show that using such novel SZMC electrodes can achieve a HCOO- Faradaic efficiency of over 91% at -0.99 V versus RHE for 10 hours in CO2-saturated 0.5 M KHCO3 aqueous solution. The high performance is attributed to the addition of MWCNTs and Zn, followed by chemical dezincification to remove Zn and then create vacancies in the catalyst structure, which results in a special porous structure of SZMC with large surface area. Then ECSA is used for enhancing the catalytic activity and selectivity of HCOO- production, as well as promoting intermediate adsorption and mass transfer. Doi:10.1002_er.6250
The synthesized Cu catalysts show relatively high crystallinity dominated by {111} facets&&structure control&&Self-Supporting Copper-Based Electrode by Electrospinning for Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Methane Cu-based catalysts have been widely applied in CO2 reduction (CO2RR) for their high reaction activity and selectivity. Various structure designs such as shape-tailored nanoparticles (NPs) and facet control are proposed and the reduction performance is optimized. However, the applicability of nanostructured catalysts suffers from several issues such as the increased resistance, buried active sites, and inhibited mass transport from the current collector on which NPs are cast on. Herein, the synthesis of self-supporting Cu NP-embedded carbon films obtained by electrostatic spinning for the first time is reported, which exhibit lower reduction potential, higher reduction efficiency and selectivity. The synthesized Cu catalysts show relatively high crystallinity dominated by {111} facets, promoting the generation of CH4. An outstanding Faraday efficiency of CH4 reaching 45% is obtained at -1.2 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode). X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy spectra demonstrate that the enhanced CO2RR properties are attributed to the synergistic effect of Cu and Cu+ states. This study indicates a novel catalyst preparation method for better CO2 reduction performance. Doi:10.1002_ente.202100714
active sites on the Cu nanoparticles and the carbon nanospikes work in tandem to control the electrochemical reduction of carbon monoxide dimer to alcohol.&&composite&&High-Selectivity Electrochemical Conversion of CO2 to Ethanol using a Copper Nanoparticle/N-Doped Graphene Electrode Though carbon dioxide is a waste product of combustion, it can also be a potential feedstock for the production of fine and commodity organic chemicals provided that an efficient means to convert it to useful organic synthons can be developed. Herein we report a common element, nanostructured catalyst for the direct electrochemical conversion of CO2 to ethanol with high Faradaic efficiency (63% at 1.2 V vs RHE) and high selectivity (84%) that operates in water and at ambient temperature and pressure. Lacking noble metals or other rare or expensive materials, the catalyst is comprised of Cu nanoparticles on a highly textured, N-doped carbon nanospike film. Electro-chemical analysis and density functional theory (DFT) calculations suggest a preliminary mechanism in which active sites on the Cu nanoparticles and the carbon nanospikes work in tandem to control the electrochemical reduction of carbon monoxide dimer to alcohol. Doi:10.1002_slct.201601169
We evaluated the effect of different treatments, electropolishing (Cu-p), and annealing treatments under oxidizing (Cu-Air) and reducing (Cu-H-2) conditions, on the performance of Cu electrodes designed for CO2RR.&&structure control&&Effect of Annealing Treatment on Electrocatalytic Properties of Copper Electrodes toward Enhanced CO2 Reduction CO2 reduction (CO2RR) into added-value chemicals is a key contribution to solve energetic and environmental issues. The performance of Cu-based electrodes towards CO2RR is strongly affected by pretreatments and presence of impurities, such as copper oxides. We evaluated the effect of different treatments, electropolishing (Cu-p), and annealing treatments under oxidizing (Cu-Air) and reducing (Cu-H-2) conditions, on the performance of Cu electrodes designed for CO2RR. Characterizations revealed the presence of Cu2O and CuO layers on the surface of the Cu-Air electrode. All electrodes formed only HCOO- ions as liquid-phase products, with yield of 480 mg L-1 of HCOO- and Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 30% for the Cu-Air electrode and 25 mg L-1 with FE of 16%, and 26 mg L-1 with FE of 10% for the Cu-p and Cu-H-2 electrodes, respectively. Overall, the HCOO- concentration increased with an increasing KHCO3 concentration, while the FE increased up to 46%, due to insertion of CO2 into the electrical double layer, generating an intermediate specie prior to the electrochemical CO2RR. CO2RR tests performed on the Cu-Air and Cu-p electrodes under galvanostatic conditions showed HCOO- FE of 32% and 16%, respectively. Therefore, the increasing local pH mechanism does not play a key role in the liquid-phase products of CO2RR. The activity of the Cu-Air electrode for CO2RR remained stable over 64 hours. It was proposed that Cu1+ was the active site responsible for CO2RR. CO, C2H4, C2H6 and H-2 were formed by gas-phase electrochemical CO2RR using the Cu-Air electrode, with total FE higher than 65%. We have uncovered the role played by the type of pre-treatment in the performance of Cu-based electrodes on CO2RR and the reason for the increased electrocatalytic activity of oxidized Cu electrodes. Doi:10.1002_slct.201802102
 four-coordinate&&atomic level dispersion&&Reduction of CO(2)to Value-Added Products on a Cu(II)-Salen Complex Coated Graphite Electrocatalyst This work synthesizes a four-coordinate Cu(II) complex {[Cu-II(L-2(NH))];1} of the tetradentate H(2)L(2)(NH)ligand. The synthesized complex acted as an electrocatalyst for the CO(2)conversion towards C1 and C2 products by activating the stable C-O bond. The catalyst ink (complex1+DMF+Nafion; catalyst concentration similar to 2 mg cm(-2)) was surface-coated over the graphite plate to carry out the reduction reaction in a three-electrode electrochemical system. An H-type electrolyzer was employed in 0.5 M KHCO(3)electrolyte solution at neutral pH in the carbonated system. A maximum amount of 36 % FE was achieved at -1.80 V vs. Ag/AgCl for 60 min of reaction. The total TON and TOF of the catalyst were calculated to be 9230 and 2.6 s(-1), respectively. The CO2-reduced products were obtained as HCOOH>CH3COOH>CH3OH>C2H5OH, which were formed through multiple-electrons transfer (2 e(-)to 12 e(-)) proton-insertion reactions. The catalytic activity of the Cu(II) complex was enhanced by the presence of the terminal -NH(2)anchoring-group in the ligand backbone. The fact was confirmed by electrocatalytic CO(2)conversion experiments in the presence of complex2{[Cu-II(L)];2} as the electrocatalyst, which did not contain the anchoring group in the salen ligand structure. Doi:10.1002_slct.202001882
Cu-Micro-Brush Electrodes&&structure control&&Template-Free Cu Electrodeposition to Prepare Cu-Micro-Brush Electrodes for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Copper foams deposited under various conditions are characterized in an airtight three-electrode H-cell system. Compared with the smooth copper electrode, the current density obtained on the porous copper electrodes is significantly improved. Using porous copper obtained from 0.2 M CuSO4 and 1.5 M H2SO4 electrolyte with 3 Acm(-2) for 30s, the CO2 reduction current density is 27 mAcm(-2) at a potential of -0.97 V vs RHE in 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte (with CO2 supplied at the flow rate of 15 sccm), tripling that of the smooth copper electrode (8 mAcm(-2)). The average pore size of the porous copper can be reduced by adding Hexadecyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) in a small amount. Besides, the preferred orientation of crystal faces changed, which may influence the selectivity of the carbon dioxide reduction product. In the flow-cell test, at constant current 10 mAcm(-2), the CO production rate of porous copper with CTAB additive reached 11.91 mu molh(-1)cm(-2) and maintained a value more than 8.95 mu molh(-1)cm(-2) during one-hour electrolysis, which is much higher than smooth copper, 1.38 mu molh(-1)cm(-2). Doi:10.1002_slct.201903097
we have developed a molten salt oxidized method to modify the morphology and oxidation state of a Cu-foam catalyst.&&structure control&&Molten Salt Treated Cu Foam Catalyst for Selective Electrochemical CO(2)Reduction Reaction The electrochemical reduction of CO(2)is a promising route to convert waste products to valuable chemicals. Search for suitable and efficient CO(2)reduction electrocatalysts with high C-2:C(1)selectivity holds great promise. Herein, for the first time we have developed a molten salt oxidized method to modify the morphology and oxidation state of a Cu-foam catalyst. The catalyst displayed a current density of 30 mA cm(-2)(-1.4 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode) and an ethylene/methane ratio of 870. We provide insight into the improved performance of the catalysts by cross section scanning transmission electron microscopy and quasi in situ soft X-ray spectroscope, which show that copper oxides are surprisingly reconstructed with Cu (I) and Cu (0) on the surface during the reaction. First principle calculations also demonstrate that the partly reduced Cu2O (111) surface has a high reactivity and selectivity for C(2+)products. Furthermore, the molten salt treated catalysts could be applied to the direct synthesis of multi-carbon fuels, including C-3-C(4)compounds in high CO(2)pressure electrocatalytic reduction. Our results demonstrate that molten salt are both the oxidizing agent and reaction medium, which is a promising approach for synthesis of highly active CO(2)electrocatalysts, which may open a new way for industrial application. Doi:10.1002_slct.202003415
both the introduction of high-index facets and alloying contribute to the enhanced CH4 current of CRD-Cu3Pd, while the alloy effect is responsible for high CO selectivity of FL-Pd3Cu&&alloy&&Morphological and Compositional Design of Pd-Cu Bimetallic Nanocatalysts with Controllable Product Selectivity toward CO2 Electroreduction Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide) to value-added products is a promising way to solve CO2 emission problems. This paper describes a facile one-pot approach to synthesize palladium-copper (Pd-Cu) bimetallic catalysts with different structures. Highly efficient performance and tunable product distributions are achieved due to a coordinative function of both enriched low-coordinated sites and composition effects. The concave rhombic dodecahedral Cu3Pd (CRD-Cu3Pd) decreases the onset potential for methane (CH4) by 200 mV and shows a sevenfold CH4 current density at -1.2 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode) compared to Cu foil. The flower-like Pd3Cu (FL-Pd3Cu) exhibits high faradaic efficiency toward CO in a wide potential range from -0.7 to -1.3 V, and reaches a fourfold CO current density at -1.3 V compared to commercial Pd black. Tafel plots and density functional theory calculations suggest that both the introduction of high-index facets and alloying contribute to the enhanced CH4 current of CRD-Cu3Pd, while the alloy effect is responsible for high CO selectivity of FL-Pd3Cu. Doi:10.1002_smll.201703314
The iodide-ion-assisted synthesis of porous copper (P-Cu) microspheres with a moderate coordination number of 7.7, which is beneficial for the selective electroreduction of CO2 into multicarbon (C2+) chemicals is reported.&&structure control&&Porous Copper Microspheres for Selective Production of Multicarbon Fuels via CO2 Electroreduction The electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) toward high-value fuels can reduce the carbon footprint and store intermittent renewable energy. The iodide-ion-assisted synthesis of porous copper (P-Cu) microspheres with a moderate coordination number of 7.7, which is beneficial for the selective electroreduction of CO2 into multicarbon (C2+) chemicals is reported. P-Cu delivers a C2+ Faradaic efficiency of 78 +/- 1% at a potential of -1.1 V versus a reversible hydrogen electrode, which is 32% higher than that of the compact Cu counterpart and approaches the record (79%) reported in the same cell configuration. In addition, P-Cu shows good stability without performance loss throughout a continuous operation of 10 h. Doi:10.1002_smll.201902582
 dinuclear molecular copper complex&&atomic level dispersion&&Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to Ethylene by Molecular Cu-Complex Immobilized on Graphitized Mesoporous Carbon The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to hydrocarbons is a challenging task because of the issues in controlling the efficiency and selectivity of the products. Among the various transition metals, copper has attracted attention as it yields more reduced and C2 products even while using mononuclear copper center as catalysts. In addition, it is found that reversible formation of copper nanoparticle acts as the real catalytically active site for the conversion of CO2 to reduced products. Here, it is demonstrated that the dinuclear molecular copper complex immobilized over graphitized mesoporous carbon can act as catalysts for the conversion of CO2 to hydrocarbons (methane and ethylene) up to 60%. Interestingly, high selectivity toward C2 product (40% faradaic efficiency) is achieved by a molecular complex based hybrid material from CO2 in 0.1 m KCl. In addition, the role of local pH, porous structure, and carbon support in limiting the mass transport to achieve the highly reduced products is demonstrated. Although the spectroscopic analysis of the catalysts exhibits molecular nature of the complex after 2 h bulk electrolysis, morphological study reveals that the newly generated copper cluster is the real active site during the catalytic reactions. Doi:10.1002_smll.202000955
Cu-Fe coordinated with the nitrogen&&atomic level dispersion&&Design of Binary Cu-Fe Sites Coordinated with Nitrogen Dispersed in the Porous Carbon for Synergistic CO2 Electroreduction To relieve the green gas emission and involve the carbon neutral cycle, electrochemical reduction of CO2 attracts more and more attention. Herein, a biatomic site catalyst of Cu-Fe coordinated with the nitrogen, which is doped in the carbon matrix (denoted as Cu-Fe-N-6-C), is designed. The as-obtained Cu-Fe-N-6-C exhibits higher performance than that of Cu-N-C and Fe-N-C, owing to bimetallic sites, proving synergistic functions based on different molecules and their interfaces. Cu-Fe-N-6-C shows high selectivity toward CO, with high Faradaic efficiency (98% at -0.7 V), and maintaining 98% of its initial selectivity after 10 h electrolysis. The experimental results and theoretical calculations reveal that the synergistic catalysis of different metallic sites enlarges the adsorption enthalpy of CO2, reducing the activation energy result in generating high selectivity, activity, stability, and low impedance. Doi:10.1002_smll.202006951
hierarchical bicontinuous nanoporous Cu architecture&&structure control&&Nanoporous Intermetallic Cu3Sn/Cu Hybrid Electrodes as Efficient Electrocatalysts for Carbon Dioxide Reduction Designing highly selective and cost-effective electrocatalysts toward electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction is crucial for desirable transformation of greenhouse gas into fuels or high-value chemical products. Here, the authors report intermetallic Cu3Sn that is in situ formed and seamlessly integrated on self-supported bimodal nanoporous Cu skeleton (Cu3Sn/Cu) via a spontaneous alloying of Sn and Cu as robust electrocatalyst for selective electroreduction of CO2 to CO. By virtue of Sn atoms strengthening CO adsorption on Cu atoms, the intermetallic Cu3Sn has an intrinsic activity of approximate to 10.58 mu A cm(-2), more than 80-fold higher than that of monometallic Cu. By virtue of hierarchical bicontinuous nanoporous Cu architecture facilitating electron transfer and CO2 and proton mass transport and offering high specific surface areas for full use of electroactive Cu3Sn sites, the nanoporous Cu3Sn/Cu hybrid electrodes produce CO at a low overpotential of 0.09 V, and exhibit high partial current density of approximate to 15 mA cm(geo)(-2) at overpotential of 0.59 V, along with excellent stability and selectivity of 91.5% Faradaic efficiency. The outstanding electrochemical performance make them attractive alternatives to precious Au- and Ag-based electrocatalysts for building low-cost CO2 electrolyzers to selectively produce CO. Doi:10.1002_smll.202100683
the origin of the enhanced catalytic performance can be attributed to the synergistic effect between Ag shell and Cu core&&composite&&Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 Toward C-2 Valuables on Cu@Ag Core-Shell Tandem Catalyst with Tunable Shell Thickness Electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is critical to converting CO2 to high-value multicarbon chemicals. However, the Cu-based catalysts as the only option to reduce CO2 into C2+ products suffer from poor selectivity and low activity. Tandem catalysis for CO2 reduction is an efficient strategy to overcome such problems. Here, Cu@Ag core-shell nanoparticles (NPs) with different silver layer thicknesses are fabricated to realize the tandem catalysis for CO2 conversion by producing CO on Ag shell and further achieving C-C coupling on Cu core. It is found that Cu@Ag-2 NPs with the proper thickness of Ag shell exhibit the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of total C-2 products and ethylene as high as 67.6% and 32.2% at -1.1 V (versus reversible hydrogen electrode, RHE), respectively. Moreover, it exhibits remarkably electrocatalytic stability after 14 h. Based on electrochemical tests and CO adsorption capacity analyses, the origin of the enhanced catalytic performance can be attributed to the synergistic effect between Ag shell and Cu core, which strengthens the bonding strength of CO on Cu/Ag interfaces, expedites the charge transfer, increases the electrochemical surface areas (ECSAs). This report provides a Cu-based catalyst to realize efficient C-2 generation via a rationally designed core-shell structured catalyst. Doi:10.1002_smll.202102293
Rich copper/carbon heterogenous interfaces and hollow structure of optimized HCS/Cu-0.12 catalyst are beneficial to charge transmission.&&composite&&Copper/Carbon Heterogenous Interfaces for Enhanced Selective Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to Formate Electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) to formate is a promising route to prepare value-added chemical. Developing low-cost and efficient electrocatalysts with high product selectivity is still a grand challenge. Herein, a novel Cu anchored on hollow carbon spheres catalysts (HCS/Cu-x, x represents the mass of CuCl2 added in the system) is designed with controllable copper/carbon heterogenous interfaces. Rich copper/carbon heterogenous interfaces and hollow structure of optimized HCS/Cu-0.12 catalyst are beneficial to charge transmission. Compared with the CO2RR occurred in aqueous electrolyte over Cu-based catalyst that has been reported to date, it exhibits highest formate Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 82.4% with a current density of 26 mA cm(-2) and remarkable stability in a H-cell. Doi:10.1002_smll.202102629
a lithium vacancy-tuned Li2CuO2 with square-planar [CuO4] layers&&structure control&&Lithium Vacancy-Tuned [CuO4] Sites for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Products Electrochemical CO2 reduction to valuable multi-carbon (C2+) products is attractive but with poor selectivity and activity due to the low-efficient C-C coupling. Herein, a lithium vacancy-tuned Li2CuO2 with square-planar [CuO4] layers is developed via an electrochemical delithiation strategy. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the lithium vacancies (V-Li) lead to a shorter distance between adjacent [CuO4] layers and reduce the coordination number of Li+ around each Cu, featuring with a lower energy barrier for CO-CO coupling than pristine Li2CuO2 without V-Li. With the V-Li percentage of approximate to 1.6%, the Li2-xCuO2 catalyst exhibits a high Faradaic efficiency of 90.6 +/- 7.6% for C2+ at -0.85 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode without iR correction, and an outstanding partial current density of -706 +/- 32 mA cm(-2). This work suggests an attractive approach to create controllable alkali metal vacancy-tuned Cu catalytic sites toward C2+ products in electrochemical CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1002_smll.202106433
a bimetallic, low-entropy state Cu-3 Sn catalyst featuring efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol is developed&&alloy&&Efficient CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol by Cu3Sn Catalyst Electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to ethanol suggests a potential strategy to reduce the CO2 level and generate valuable liquid fuels, while the development of low-cost catalysts with high activity and selectivity remains a major challenge. In this work, a bimetallic, low-entropy state Cu-3 Sn catalyst featuring efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol is developed. This low-entropy state Cu3Sn catalyst allows a high Faradaic efficiency of 64% for ethanol production, distinctively from the high-entropy state Cu6Sn5 catalyst with the main selectivity toward producing formate. At an industry-level current density of -900 mA cm(-2), the Cu3Sn catalyst exhibited excellent stability for over 48 h in a membrane-electrode based electrolyzer. Theoretical calculations indicate that the high ethanol selectivity on Cu3Sn is attributed to its enhanced adsorption of several key intermediates in the ethanol production pathway. Moreover, the life-cycle assessment reveals that using the Cu3Sn electrocatalyst, an electrochemical CO2 -to-ethanol electrolysis system powered by wind electricity can lead to a global warming potential of 120 kg(CO2)(-eq) for producing 1 ton of ethanol, corresponding to a 55% reduction of carbon emissions compared to the conventional bio-ethanol process. Doi:10.1002_smtd.202101334
The enhancement was found to be due to the copper oxide formed on the copper electrode.&&structure control&&Pulse-mode electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide using copper and copper oxide electrodes for selective ethylene formation Although the electrochemical reduction of CO2 at a copper electrode produces hydrocarbons, the activity for the conversion of CO2 is significantly reduced after several tens of minutes by the deposition of poisoning species on the electrode. In order to solve the poisoning species problem, the electrochemical reduction of CO2 was carried out using a copper electrode in the pulse electrolysis mode by anodic as well as cathodic polarization. The anodic polarization intervals suppressed the deposition of the poisoning species on the electrode, and the amount of two hydrocarbons produced, CH4 and C2H6, decreased only slightly even after one hour. By choosing the appropriate anodic potential and time duration the selectivity for C2H6 formation was significantly enhanced. The enhancement was found to be due to the copper oxide formed on the copper electrode. The selectivity was further improved when the electrochemical reduction was carried out using a copper oxide electrode. The highest efficiency of about 28% was obtained at -3.15 V. Doi:10.1007_s10800-008-9622-3
alloys&&alloy&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 at CuAu nanoparticles: size and alloy effects Reduction of CO2 at Cu or Au electrodes typically yields methane or CO, respectively. Cu and Au nanoparticles and their alloys offer unique advantages over foil electrodes in terms of reduced overpotentials and product selectivities. In this work, we explore the electrochemical reduction of CO2 in aqueous electrolytes using alloys of Cu and Au including 2 and 6 nm nanoparticles along with polycrystalline foils. These results show the CuAu alloys primarily produce CO; however, yields are dramatically increased relative to Au. CuAu electrodes in the form of planar foils produce up to 3.4 times more CO yields relative to Au foil. Most remarkably, nanoparticle electrodes provide up to 12.5-fold CO yield increases relative to polycrystalline alloy foils and 175-fold CO yield increases relative to bulk Au foils. Voltammetry shows that onset potentials for CO2 reduction are shifted anodically with smaller nanoparticle sizes and with greater Au content. The dramatic increase in CO yields with nanoparticle alloys is attributed to the improved CO2 deoxygenation associated with Cu interfaces and the relatively facile desorption of CO from low-coordination Au sites. [GRAPHICS] . Doi:10.1007_s10800-018-1166-6
reinforced on to polyvinyl alcohol/reduced graphene oxide matrix&&composite&&Flexible and free-standing polyvinyl alcohol-reduced graphene oxide-Cu2O/CuO thin films for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide Flexible and free-standing thin films were fabricated and employed directly as working electrodes for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 in 0.5 N KHCO3 at 25 degrees C, in which, various sizes of Cu2O nanocubes (similar to 27 +/- 2, 37 +/- 3, 62 +/- 4 and 207 +/- 3 nm) with different extent of surface oxidation (13, 20, 66, and 64% of Cu(II)) were reinforced on to polyvinyl alcohol/reduced graphene oxide matrix (PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO_X, where, X =without halide, Cl, Br and I). The size of Cu2O nanocubes and their surface oxidation were systematically altered by the addition of 1 mL of 10 mM sodium halides (NaCl, NaBr, and NaI) during the synthesis. Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy mapping displayed the specific adsorption of Cl- ions over the Cu2O surface, whereas Br- and I- ions did not show such behaviour. PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO_Cl) thin film exhibited a low overpotential of 20 mV for CO2 reduction reaction and, similar to 60 and similar to 7 times higher current density at - 0.80 V vs. RHE compared to that of the PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO), PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO_Br) approximate to PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO_I), respectively. Gas chromatography and H-1-NMR analyses confirmed methanol as the single liquid product, with a faradaic efficiency of 63% at - 0.75 V vs. RHE on PVA/rGO/(Cu2O/CuO_Cl) thin film. [GRAPHICS] . Doi:10.1007_s10800-020-01450-z
the one with the smallest cubes leads to the best CO selectivity of the electrode, attributed to a higher electrochemically active surface area&&structure control&&Facile synthesis of cubic cuprous oxide for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide High level of atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) concentration is considered one of the main causes of global warming. Electrochemical conversion of CO(2)into valuable chemicals and fuels has promising potential to be implemented into practical and sustainable devices. In order to efficiently realize this strategy, one of the biggest efforts has been focused on the design of catalysts which are inexpensive, active and selective and can be produced through green and up-scalable routes. In this work, copper-based materials are simply synthesized via microwave-assisted process and carefully characterized by physical/chemical/electrochemical techniques. Nanoparticle with a cupric oxide (CuO) surface as well as various cuprous oxide (Cu2O) cubes with different sizes is obtained and used for the CO(2)reduction reaction. It is observed that the Cu2O-derived electrodes show enhanced activity and carbon monoxide (CO) selectivity compared to the CuO-derived one. Among various Cu2O catalysts, the one with the smallest cubes leads to the best CO selectivity of the electrode, attributed to a higher electrochemically active surface area. Under applied potentials, all Cu2O cubes undergo structural and morphological modification, even though the cubic shape is retained. The nanoclusters formed during the material evolution offer abundant and active reaction sites, leading to the high performance of the Cu2O-derived electrodes. [GRAPHICS] . Doi:10.1007_s10853-020-05278-y
Promotion of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction on Cu2O film by ZnO nanoparticles&&composite&&Promotion of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction on Cu2O film by ZnO nanoparticles Cu2O films were prepared using an improved solution immersion method, whereas ZnO/Cu2O films were prepared using an electrodeposition method. Then, the pure Cu2O film electrodes and ZnO/Cu2O film electrodes were used to reduce CO2 to CH3OH. The crystal structure, morphology, particle size, and specific surface area of pure Cu2O films prepared under different immersion times and ZnO/Cu2O films prepared under different deposition times and Zn2+ concentrations were analyzed using X-ray diffraction, scanning electron microscopy, and Brunauer-Emmett-Teller analysis. The electrolytic activity of the pure Cu2O film electrodes and ZnO/Cu2O film electrodes were studied. Under the same reaction conditions, the ZnO/Cu2O film electrode with the Zn2+ concentration of 0.05 M and the deposition time of 30 min had the highest total CH3OH yield of 315.656 mu mol/cm(2) and the fastest formation rate of 52.609 mu mol/(cm(2) h), and its faradaic efficiency was 45%, which was remarkably higher than that of pure Cu2O film electrodes under the same reaction conditions. This study highlighted that ZnO nanoparticles had a very good promotion of electrolytic CO2 reduction on Cu2O film. Doi:10.1007_s11144-021-02047-z
hollow nanostructures&&structure control&&Design of CuInS2 hollow nanostructures toward CO2 electroreduction The sharp rise of CO2 in the atmosphere has become a potential threat to global climate, which results from the massive utilization of fossil fuel since the industry revolution. CO2 electroreduction provides us a new possibility of utilizing CO2 as a carbon feedstock for fuel and commercial chemicals generation. In this article, a new method is developed for synthesizing CuInS2 hollow nanostructures through the Kirkendall effect. The CuInS2 hollow nanostructures exhibit excellent catalytic activity for electrochemical reduction of CO2 with particular high selectivity, achieving high faradaic efficiency for HCOOH of 72.8% at -0.7 V. To elucidate the mechanisms, operando electrochemical Raman spectroscopy is employed to examine the CO2 reduction process. This work provides new insights into the design of hollow nanostructures toward electrocatalytic CO2 conversion and offers us an effective and reliable way for real-time investigation of electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction processes. Doi:10.1007_s11426-020-9853-3
the highest CO evolution rate was achieved with Ag-0.125/Cu2O due to the larger electroactive surface area furnished by the hierarchical structure&&structure control&&Facile synthesis of hierarchical flower-like Ag/Cu2O and Au/Cu2O nanostructures and enhanced catalytic performance in electrochemical reduction of CO2 Novel, hierarchical, flower-like Ag/Cu2O and Au/Cu2O nanostructures were successfully fabricated and applied as efficient electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2. Cu2O nanospheres with a uniform size of similar to 180 nm were initially synthesized. Thereafter, Cu2O was used as a sacrificial template to prepare a series of Ag/Cu2O composites through galvanic replacement. By varying the Ag/Cu atomic ratio, Ag-0.125/Cu2O, having a hierarchical, flower-like nanostructure with intersecting Ag nanoflakes encompassing an inner Cu2O sphere, was prepared. The as-prepared Ag-x/Cu2O samples presented higher Faradaic efficiencies (FE) for CO and relatively suppressed H(2)evolution than the parent Cu2O nanospheres due to the combination of Ag with Cu2O in the former. Notably, the highest CO evolution rate was achieved with Ag-0.125/Cu2O due to the larger electroactive surface area furnished by the hierarchical structure. The same hierarchical flower-like structure was also obtained for the Au-0.6/Cu2O composite, where the FECO(10%) was even higher than that of Ag-0.125/Cu2O. Importantly, the results reveal that Ag-0.125/Cu2O and Au-0.6/Cu2O both exhibit remarkably improved stability relative to Cu2O. This study presents a facile method of developing hierarchical metal-oxide composites as efficient and stable electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2. Doi:10.1007_s11705-019-1854-8
Cu nanowires&&structure control&&Tuning the catalytic selectivity in electrochemical CO2 reduction on copper oxide-derived nanomaterials Electrochemical conversion of CO2 to hydrocarbons can relieve both environmental and energy stresses. However, electrocatalysts for this reaction usually suffer from a poor product selectivity and a large overpotential. Here we report that tunable catalytic selectivity for hydrocarbon formation could be achieved on Cu nanomaterials with different morphologies. By tuning the electrochemical parameters, either Cu oxide nanowires or nanoneedles were fabricated and then electrochemically reduced to the corresponding Cu nanomaterials. The Cu nanowires preferred the formation of C2H4, while the Cu nanoneedles favored the production of more CH4, rather than C2H4. Our work provides a facile synthetic strategy for preparing Cu-based nanomaterials to achieve selective CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1007_s11783-014-0742-1
Cu nanoneedles&&structure control&&Tuning the catalytic selectivity in electrochemical CO2 reduction on copper oxide-derived nanomaterials Electrochemical conversion of CO2 to hydrocarbons can relieve both environmental and energy stresses. However, electrocatalysts for this reaction usually suffer from a poor product selectivity and a large overpotential. Here we report that tunable catalytic selectivity for hydrocarbon formation could be achieved on Cu nanomaterials with different morphologies. By tuning the electrochemical parameters, either Cu oxide nanowires or nanoneedles were fabricated and then electrochemically reduced to the corresponding Cu nanomaterials. The Cu nanowires preferred the formation of C2H4, while the Cu nanoneedles favored the production of more CH4, rather than C2H4. Our work provides a facile synthetic strategy for preparing Cu-based nanomaterials to achieve selective CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1007_s11783-014-0742-1
three-dimensional (3D) array structure&&structure control&&Ultra-small Cu nanoparticles embedded in N-doped carbon arrays for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction in dimethylformamide The development of heterogeneous catalysts with a well-defined micro structure to promote their activity and stability for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction has been shown to be a promising strategy. In this work, Cu nanoparticles (similar to 4 nm in diameter) embedded in N-doped carbon (Cu@NC) arrays were fabricated by thermal decomposition of copper tetracyanoquinodimethane (CuTCNQ) under N-2. Compared to polycrystalline copper electrodes, the Cu@NC arrays provide a significantly improved number of catalytically active sites. This resulted in a 0.7 V positive shift in onset potential, producing a catalytic current density an order magnitude larger at a potential of -2.7 V vs. Fc/Fc(+) (Fc = ferrocene) in dimethylformamide (DMF). By controlling the water content in the DMF solvent, the CO2 reduction product distribution can be tuned. Under optimal conditions (0.5 vol% water), 64% HCOO-, 20% CO, and 13% H-2 were obtained. The Cu@NC arrays exhibited excellent catalytic stability with only a 0.5% decrease in the steady-state catalytic current during 6 h of electrolysis. The three-dimensional (3D) array structure of the Cu@NC was demonstrated to be effective for improving the catalytic activity of copper based catalysts while maintaining long-term catalytic stability. Doi:10.1007_s12274-017-1936-1
The improving selectivity for CO could be attributed to the bimetallic effect and nanowire arrays structure&&structure control&&Cu2Sb decorated Cu nanowire arrays for selective electrocatalytic CO2 to CO conversion The advancement of cost-effective and selective electrocatalyst towards CO2 to CO conversion is crucial for renewable energy conversion and storage, thus to achieve carbon-neutral cycle in a sustainable manner. In this communication, we report that Cu2Sb decorated Cu nanowire arrays on Cu foil act as a highly active and selective electrocatalyst for CO2 to CO conversion. In CO2-saturated 0.1 M KHCO3, it achieves a high Faraday efficiency (FE) of 86.5% for CO, at -0.90 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The H-2/CO ratio is tunable from 0.08:1 to 5.9:1 by adjusting the potential. It is worth noting that HCOO- product was totally suppressed on such catalyst, compared with Sb counterpart. The improving selectivity for CO could be attributed to the bimetallic effect and nanowire arrays structure. Doi:10.1007_s12274-021-3295-1
rich high-index facets&&structure control&&Cu2-xS derived copper nanoparticles: A platform for unraveling the role of surface reconstruction in efficient electrocatalytic CO2-to-C2H4 conversion Cu-based electrocatalysts have provoked much attention for their high activity and selectivity in carbon dioxide (CO2) conversion into multi-carbon hydrocarbons. However, during the electrochemical reaction, Cu catalysts inevitably undergo surface reconstruction whose impact on CO2 conversion performance remains contentious. Here we report that polycrystalline Cu nanoparticles (denoted as Cu-s) with rich high-index facets, derived from Cu2-xS through desulphurization and surface reconstruction, offer an excellent platform for investigating the role of surface reconstruction in electrocatalytic CO2 conversion. During the formation of Cu-s catalyst, the two stages of desulphurization and surface reconstruction can be clearly resolved by in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy and OH- adsorption characterizations, which are well correlated with the changes in electrocatalytic performance. It turns out that the high CO2 conversion performance, achieved by the Cu-s catalyst (Faradic efficiency of 68.6% and partial current density of 40.8 mA/cm(2) in H-cell toward C2H4 production), is attributed to the increased percentage of high-index facets in Cu-s during the surface reconstruction. Furthermore, the operando electrochemical Raman spectroscopy further reveals that the conversion of the CO2 into the C2H4 on Cu-s is intermediated by the production of *COCHO. Our findings manifest that the surface reconstruction is an effective method for tuning the reaction intermediate of the CO2 conversion toward high-value multicarbon (C2+) chemicals, and highlight the significance of in situ characterizations in enhancing the understanding of the surface structure and its role in electrocatalysis. Doi:10.1007_s12274-021-3532-7
alloy&&alloy&&Surface-tuning nanoporous AuCu3 engineering syngas proportion by electrochemical conversion of CO2 The direct electrochemical conversion of CO2 to syngas with controllable composition remains challenging. In this work, driven by concentration gradient, a simple air-heating aided strategy has been developed to adjust surface composition of the self-supporting nanoporous AuCu3 alloy. According to Fick First Law, the interior Cu atoms of the AuCu3 alloy with Au-rich surface gradually segregated outwards during heating, realizing Cu-rich surface eventually. Correspondingly, the competing electrocatalytic CO2 reduction (ECR) to CO and hydrogen evolution reactions (HER) were tactfully balanced on these alloy surfaces, thus achieving proportion-tunable syngas (CO/H-2). Density functional theory (DFT) calculations on the Gibbs free energy change of the COOH* and H* (Delta G(COOH*), Delta G(H*)) on the alloy surfaces were conducted, which are generally considered as the selectivity descriptors for CO and H-2 products, respectively. It shows Delta G(COOH*) gradually increases in contrast to the decreased Delta G(H*) with more Cu on the surface, suggesting H-2 is more favored over Cu sites, which is consistent with the declining CO/H-2 ratio observed in the experiments. This study reveals that the surface composition controls ECR activity of nanoporous AuCu3 alloy, providing an alternative way to the syngas production with desirable proportion. Doi:10.1007_s12274-021-3313-3
Alloys&&alloy&&Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide on Copper-Based Electrodes: Activity of Copper Single Crystals and Copper-Gold Alloys The activity of copper single-crystal and copper-gold alloyed (Au1Cu99, Au10Cu90, Au20Cu80, Au50Cu50) electrodes for CO2 electroreduction has been investigated in aqueous phosphate buffer solutions by cyclic voltammetry and potentiostatic long-term electrolysis. In addition to H-2, four species were identified in the gaseous phase by chromatography after electrolyses: CO, CH4, C2H4 and traces of C2H6. At copper electrodes, the major carbon-containing products are CO and CH4. Analysis of the data indicates that the fraction of methane increases in the order Cu (poly) <Cu (100) <Cu (111), whereas a concomitant decrease of the carbon monoxide fraction is observed. The selectivity of low-index faces towards methane formation is consistent with a mechanism involving CO(ads) and H(ads). Analytical information obtained after potentiostatic electrolyses at copper-gold alloys shows that the CO production increases markedly with the Au content, while the fraction of CH4 diminishes. Amongst all the examined electrodes, the Au50Cu50 alloy appears to be the most efficient substrate for the conversion of CO2 into carbon-containing gaseous products. Doi:10.1007_s12678-012-0095-0
Sol-gel processed copper indium sulfide (CIS) films&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic Reduction of Carbon Dioxide using Sol-gel Processed Copper Indium Sulfide (CIS) Immobilized on ITO-Coated Glass Electrode Sol-gel processed copper indium sulfide (CIS) films have been processed on glass and transparent indium doped tin oxide (ITO)-coated glass electrodes by a straightforward layer by layer spin coating route yielding excellent film qualities with subsequent thermal annealing. Resulting films were characterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), and UV-vis spectroscopy. We apply these films in an electrochemical cell as a working electrode and take a view on the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to its energy richer carbon monoxide (CO) in acetonitrile solution containing 0.1 M (C4H9)(4)NPF6 supporting electrolyte saturated with CO2. CIS films exhibit pronounced electrochemical and photoelectrochemical activities. Concomitantly, we quantify the generation of CO, which starts to evolve at a threshold potential of -0.60 V vs normal hydrogen electrode (NHE). The calculated faradaic efficiency of the electrochemical reduction of CO2 into CO exceeds 20 (+/- 1)% in an optimized thin-film structure. Doi:10.1007_s12678-015-0257-y
Alloy &&alloy&&Electrodeposited Cu-Sn Alloy for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction to CO/HCOO Cu-Sn alloy electrodes were prepared by simple electrodeposition method for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 into CO and HCOO-. The alloy electrode surfaces provided good selectivity and efficiency in electrochemical CO2 conversion because they provided appropriate binding energies between the metal and the reactive species obtained through CO2 reduction. Therefore, product selectivity can be modulated by altering the Cu-Sn crystal structure of the electrode. Using the Cu-Sn alloy electrodes, electrochemical reduction was performed at applied potentials ranging from - 0.69 to - 1.09 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). During electrochemical CO2 reduction, all the prepared Cu-Sn alloy electrodes showed prominent suppression of hydrogen evolution. In contrast, Cu87Sn13 has high selectivity for CO formation at all the applied potentials, with maximum faradaic efficiency (FE) of 60% for CO at - 0.99 V vs. RHE. On the other hand, Cu55Sn45 obtained a similar selectivity for electrodeposition of Sn, with FE of 90% at - 1.09 V vs. RHE. Surface characterization results showed that the crystal structure of Cu87Sn13 comprised solid solutions that play an important role in increasing the selectivity for CO formation. Additionally, it suggests that the selectivity for HCOO- formation is affected by the surface oxidation state of Sn rather than by crystal structures like intermetallic compounds. Doi:10.1007_s12678-017-0434-2
ZnO-Cu nano composite&&composite&&Electro-reduction of CO2 onto ZnO-Cu nano composite catalyst Present communication reports a simple method of preparation of ZnO-Cu nano composite, a reverse water gas shift (RWGS) type low-cost catalyst for electro-catalytic reduction of CO2. The composite catalyst has been characterized by EDX, SEM, EDX atom mapping and XRD. The observed distinct reduction peaks at - 0.7 V and - 1.1 V versus Ag/AgCl in cyclo voltammogram (CV) are explained by cathodic reduction of CO2 to CO preferably onto ZnO surface and electro-reduction of CO/CO2 onto Cu surface. This electro-reduction peak at low over-potential indicates formation of small molecular organic fuels like methane and methanol onto catalyst surface. A signature of methanol oxidation peak at 0.79 V versus Ag/AgCl is detected in the anodic scan of the CV at 5th cycle. The catalytic stability has been explained from chrono-amperometric study. Doi:10.1007_s13204-019-01080-8
mixing Co in Cu promotes the hydrogenation of CH2* to CH3* and inhibits the dimerization of CH2* species.&&alloy&&Highly Selective Methane Production Through Electrochemical CO2 reduction by Electrolytically Plated Cu-Co Electrode Among the electrode materials used for electrolytic CO2 reduction, only Cu shows a special function of producing not only carbon monoxide (CO), but also hydrocarbons from CO2. We found that, in electrolytic CO2 reduction using an electrolytically plated Cu-Co electrode, a hydrocarbon product with high faradaic efficiency (FE) could be obtained with low-FE CO. The plated electrodes have a Co solid solution on the Cu surface. The non-localized Co changes the adsorption energy of the reaction intermediate in CO2 reduction. Consequently, by increasing the Co content in Cu, HCOOH can be selectively produced. Further, in electrolytic CO2 reduction with an applied potential of -1.19V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), the selectivity of methane (CH4) production improved, while the selectivity of ethylene (C2H4) formation lowered. In the reduction using the plated electrode containing 14% Co, the FE of CH4 production reached the highest at 47.7%. These results suggested that mixing Co in Cu promotes the hydrogenation of CH2* to CH3* and inhibits the dimerization of CH2* species. Furthermore, this research on plated electrodes is useful for the development of catalytic electrodes for electrolytic CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1007_s12678-018-0492-0
The higher efficiency may be because space was more effectively utilized in the helical MOF nanoarrays, resulting in a greater number of active catalytic sites.&&structure control&&Helical copper-porphyrinic framework nanoarrays for highly efficient CO2 electroreduction In recent years, metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) have been extensively investigated as electrocatalysts due to their highly efficient electroreduction of CO2. Herein, the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction was investigated by growing helical Cu-porphyrinic MOF Cu meso-tetra(4-carboxyphenyl)porphyrin (TCPP) on Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays (H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2)) using a sacrificial template method. The electrocatalytic results showed that the H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays exhibited a high acetic acid Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 26.1% at -1.6 V vs. Ag/Ag+, which is much higher than the value of 19.8% obtained for non-helical CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) (nH-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2)). The higher efficiency may be because space was more effectively utilized in the helical MOF nanoarrays, resulting in a greater number of active catalytic sites. Furthermore, in situ diffuse reflectance infrared Fourier transform spectra showed that the H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays have much stronger CO linear adsorption, indicating a better selectivity of acetic acid than that of nH-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2). In this study, we develop new helical nanomaterials and propose a new route to enhance the reduction of CO2. Doi:10.1007_s40843-021-1835-8
The reduced ZnO nanoparticles supply extra CO to increase the *CO surface coverage on the reduced CuO nanoparticles, which boosts the C-C coupling reaction kinetics on the reduced CuO surface.&&composite&&CuO/ZnO/C electrocatalysts for CO2-to-C2+ products conversion with high yield: On the effect of geometric structure and composition The comprehensive application of electrochemical CO2 conversion to multi-carbon hydrocarbons and oxygenates is limited by the low selectivity and activity of copper-derived catalysts. Here, we report co-precipitated CuO/ZnO/C catalysts directing cascade catalysis to enhance the yield of the C2+ products. The reduced ZnO nanoparticles supply extra CO to increase the *CO surface coverage on the reduced CuO nanoparticles, which boosts the C-C coupling reaction kinetics on the reduced CuO surface. The geometric arrangement and composition of phase-separated CuO and ZnO nanoparticles are two vital factors influencing the CO utilization efficiency. The optimum CuO/ZnO/C catalyst exhibits a maximum Faradic efficiency of 74.0 % for overall C2+ products and 50.9 % for C2H4 at -0.75 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, at which the total current density reaches 367 mA cm(-2). Doi:10.1016_j.apcata.2020.117829
the use of Cu2O-ZnO mixtures may be of application for the continuous electrochemical formation of methanol&&composite&&Production of methanol from CO2 electroreduction at Cu2O and Cu2O/ZnO-based electrodes in aqueous solution In this study, we examine the performance of Cu2O and Cu2O/ZnO surfaces in a filter-press electro-chemical cell for the continuous electroreduction of CO2 into methanol. The electrodes are prepared by airbrushing the metal particles onto a porous carbon paper and then are electrochemically characterized by cyclic voltammetry analyses. Particular emphasis is placed on evaluating and comparing the methanol production and Faradaic efficiencies at different loadings of Cu2O particles (0.5, 1 and 1.8 mg cm(-2)), Cu2O/ZnO weight ratios (1:0.5, 1:1 and 1:2) and electrolyte flow rates (1, 2 and 3 ml min(-1) cm(-2)). The electrodes including ZnO in their catalytic surface were stable after 5 h, in contrast with Cu2O-deposited carbon papers that present strong deactivation with time. The maximum methanol formation rate and Faradaic efficiency for Cu2O/ZnO (1:1)-based electrodes, at an applied potential of -1.3Vvs. Ag/AgCI, were r=3.17 x 10(-5) mol m(-2) s(-1) and FE = 17.7%, respectively. Consequently, the use of Cu2O-ZnO mixtures may be of application for the continuous electrochemical formation of methanol, although further research is still required in order to develop highly active, selective and stable catalysts the electroreduction of CO2 to methanol. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2015.04.055
the abundant vacancy defects exposed on ultrathin Cu nanosheets can accelerate the initial kinetics of CO formation during the CO2 conversion process&&defect&&Hierarchical and ultrathin copper nanosheets synthesized via galvanic replacement for selective electrocatalytic carbon dioxide conversion to carbon monoxide Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to desirable products with high selectivity and efficiency remains critical challenges in balancing carbon cycle for sustainable society. Herein, we demonstrate the hierarchical porous architectures assembled by ultrathin copper (Cu) nanosheets (NS) via a simple galvanic replacement method for the improved selectivity of CO2 conversion with a large current density. Specifically, the optimized hierarchical Cu electrodes achieve high selectivity and activity to convert CO2 into CO, showing a Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 74.1%, record-high partial current density of 23.0 mA cm(-2), and turnover frequency of 0.092 s(-1) for CO product as well as FE of 24.8% for H-2 at potential of -1.0 V vs RHE. The onset potential for the CO2 conversion is -0.29 V vs RHE. Theoretical calculations indicate that the abundant vacancy defects exposed on ultrathin Cu nanosheets can accelerate the initial kinetics of CO formation during the CO2 conversion process. As demonstrated by experimental and computational analyses, the unique hierarchical architecture of integrated Cu electrode contributes the outstanding electrocatalytic performance due to the rapid mass and electrons transport as well as the abundant active sites and associated intrinsic activity. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.05.038
alloy&&alloy&&Cu-Pd alloy nanoparticles as highly selective catalysts for efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO Although a copper catalyst has very interesting properties in CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2RR), the high overpotential of this reaction and low selectivity of the catalyst for a single product are major hindrances to catalyst commercialization. In this work, monodisperse Cu-Pd nanoparticles (NPs) with various compositions are synthesized using the colloidal method. These NPs show a totally different catalytic performance than bulk Cu catalysts. Alloying Cu with Pd suppresses hydrocarbon production on the alloy NP catalyst surface. NPs with a 1:1 Cu -Pd ratio show the best catalytic activity for the conversion of CO2 to CO. At -0.9 V (vs. RHE), 87% CO Faradaic efficiency is achieved, as well as a high noble metal mass activity of 47 mA mg(Pd)(-1), for CO production. Density functional theory calculations suggest that the energy barrier to the CO* protonation step is increased when Pd is alloyed with Cu; this increase suppresses the reduction of CO2 to hydrocarbons. This result is a significant advance toward selective electrochemical reduction of CO2. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.01.021
which are both closely related to an optimized Cu(I) content in the electrocatalyst&&structure control&&Efficient electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 on CuxO decorated graphene oxides: an insight into the role of multivalent Cu in selectivity and durability Copper oxides have been used as efficient electrocatalysts for electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2). However, understanding the catalytic mechanism of copper oxides electrocatalysts based on identifying their active species is difficult due to the presence of multivalent Cu, such as Cu(0), Cu(I) and Cu(II) species, during the reaction. Also, developing copper oxides electrocatalysts with high selectivity and long durability for carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) is highly desired. Herein, we report the preparation of CuxO decorated graphene oxides (G-CuxO-T) electrocatalyst by a controllable chemical reduction method. The G-CuxO-2 h electrocatalyst exhibits high selectivity towards HCOOH (81%) with a current density of 19.3 mA cm(-2) at -0.8 V vs RHE, as well as good durability (retaining 87.2% of initial activity after 9 hours continuous operation). Our study reveals that the observed high performance of G-CuxO-2 h electrocatalyst should not only benefit from the stabilized CO2 center dot- intermediate, but also contribute from the facilitated rate-limiting step of HCOO- desorption, which are both closely related to an optimized Cu(I) content in the electrocatalyst. Moreover, a "buffering effect" is proposed to explain the promising durability of G-CuxO-2 h, where Cu(II) species should serve as sacrificial sources to supply Cu(I) from the thick subsurface layers, thereby balancing the content of Cu(I) at the surface and maintaining the activity of the electrocatalyst during the reaction. Our work provides crucial insights into the role of multivalent Cu in CO2 reduction reaction, which are important for designing and preparing copper oxides based electrocatalysts with high selectivity and durability for electrochemical reduction of CO2 into liquid fuels. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.118044
The excellent performance of high activity is mainly due to the appearance of abundant Sn-Cu interfaces after Cu embedded into Sn nanoparticles&&composite&&A highly selective tin-copper bimetallic electrocatalyst for the electrochemical reduction of aqueous CO2 to formate Electrochemical reduction of CO2 is promising for mitigating the excessive CO2 emission. However, the low efficiency and poor selectivity for targeted products block the practical application of most conventional electrocatalysts. Here, we developed an electronic regulation Cu embedded into Sn nanoparticles heterogeneous bimetallic catalyst, with high catalytic activity and selectivity for electrochemical reduction of CO2. The excellent performance of high activity is mainly due to the appearance of abundant Sn-Cu interfaces after Cu embedded into Sn nanoparticles. XPS characterization indicates that the atomic Sn electronic structure of the bimetallic catalyst was significantly regulated by deposited Cu atoms. DFT calculations in combination with Insitu Raman spectroscopy characterization on CO2 reduction process further indicates that the electronic regulation of bimetallic catalyst facilitates the formation of key intermediate HCOO followed by the generation of formate with high selectivity. The present design provides a method for prepare bimetallic catalyst with high catalytic performance. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.118040
the unique nanostructure and the large electrochemically active surface area play critical roles in the efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2.&&structure control&&Thermal-assisted synthesis of unique Cu nanodendrites for the efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 Herein, we report on novel Cu nanodendrites, which were formed when the electrodeposited Cu thin film on a Ti substrate was thermally treated in the presence of a mixture of CuSO4 and H2SO4. The formed Cu nanodendrites exhibit superior catalytic activity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2, showing that the unique nanostructure and the large electrochemically active surface area play critical roles in the efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2. Gas chromatography and NMR spectroscopy were employed to identify the products of the CO2 reduction, confirming the formation of CO, CH4, HCOO-, CH3COO- and CH3OH. The kinetics of the CO2 reduction was further investigated using in situ electrochemical ATR-FTIR spectroscopy. The facile approach to the fabrication of the unique Cu nanodendrites, the superior catalytic activity, and the high current efficiency make the Cu nanodendrites as a promising electrocatalyst for the effective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to valuable products. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.118096
bimetallic copper and tin are simultaneously deposited on the nitrogen doped porous carbon cloth (N-CC)&&composite&&Self-growing Cu/Sn bimetallic electrocatalysts on nitrogen-doped porous carbon cloth with 3D-hierarchical honeycomb structure for highly active carbon dioxide reduction The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) into liquid fuels is a promising avenue to both store intermittent renewable energy and reduce global CO2 emission, but daunting bottlenecks owing to poor selectivity, low activity and stability of the electrocatalysts. Herein, we report that bimetallic copper and tin are simultaneously deposited on the nitrogen doped porous carbon cloth (N-CC) via an efficient and facile co-electroplating strategy. The highly conductive N-doped porous carbon cloth as substrate enables a largely uniform distribution of N-doped defects, which can provide more active sites for the nucleation and growth of anchoring nano-sized Cn/Sn (3.39 nm). The as-prepared electrode (Cu(1)Sn(4)-N-CC), with a 3D-hierarchical porous honeycomb structure, could not only favor the diffusion of electrolyte and serve as "transfer posts" to confine the intermediates of reduced CO2, but also provide abundant terrace, ledge and kink atoms to function as active site for highly efficient CO2RR. As such, the obtained Cu(1)Sn(4)-N-CC electrode convert CO2 to formate with allured faradic efficiency (90.24 %), partial current density (15.56 mA cm(-2)) and production rate (173 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2)) at -0.97 V-RHE, along with a long-term tolerance in CO2RR. This study may provide a new design for self-growing bimetallic catalyst on N-doped porous substrate to regulate advanced catalysts/electrodes for different applications. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2019.118447
heterostructure&&composite&&Selective electrochemical CO2 reduction on Cu-Pd heterostructure In this work, a novel Cu-Pd heterostructure, derived from CuCl-PdOx hexagonal microplates, was prepared to tune selective single hydrocarbon production from electrochemical CO2 reduction. The CuCl-PdOx hexagonal microplates were synthesized by a dual-potential electrodeposition technique, followed by electrochemical reduction to form Cu-Pd heterostructure. This Cu-Pd heterostructure exhibited a much higher CO2-to-CH4 selectivity (32 % Faradaic efficiency, FE) compared to pure Cu or Pd. Moreover, Cu-Pd heterostructure showed excellent suppression on C2H4 generation (below 1 % FE). The density functional theory calculations suggested that the hollow site of Pd region in the Cu-Pd heterostructure could stablize CO* intermediate and selectively lowered the energy demand for CH4 formation rather than C2H4. This work provides new opportunities of designing Cu-based electrocatalysts for selective CO2 reduction to single hydrocarbon. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2020.118864
add-in synergies of hierarchically porous structures and bimetallic elemental compositions&&structure control&&Hierarchically porous Cu/Zn bimetallic catalysts for highly selective CO2 electroreduction to liquid C-2 products Hierarchically macroporous-mesoporous (HMMP) Cu/Zn alloy catalysts are reported to promote CO2 electroreduction towards liquid C-2 products. HMMP Cu/Zn alloys with two types of distinct pores (similar to 320 nm and similar to 20 nm) and adjustable alloy compositions are prepared through the interfacial self-assembly of two polymer templates and metal precursors. Due to add-in synergies of hierarchically porous structures and bimetallic elemental compositions, the resultant HMMP Cu/Zn alloy catalysts remarkably promote the deep electroreduction of CO2 to liquid C-2 products while simultaneously suppressing the competitive proton reduction. Among them, HMMP Cu5Zn8 exhibits the best electrocatalytic selectivity (with a very high ethanol production of 46.6 % at -0.8 V) and excellent stability (even after electrocatalysis for 11 h) towards CO2 electroreduction. This strategy allows for the reliable synthesis of other HMMP alloy nanocatalysts for a wide range of electrocatalytic applications. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2020.118800
 the interface of Cu planes and polyoxometalate clusters with abundant Cu-O-Mo active sites promote the generation of *CH3 and successive coupling with CO2 insertion&&composite&&Interface engineering of Mo-8/Cu heterostructures toward highly selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide into acetate Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is a promising pathway for storage of renewable electricity and converting CO2 into value-added products. It's highly desired to obtain acetic acid via CO2RR since it's an important chemical feedstock and high energy-density liquid fuel. However, developing highly efficient elec-trocatalysts for selective CO2RR toward acetate remains formidable challenge. We report an interface engineering strategy to modify copper nanocubes with polyoxometalate (POM) to generate Cu-O-Mo interface as active sites for CO2RR, achieving state-of-the-art activity with 48.68% acetate formation Faradaic efficiency and current density of similar to 110 mA cm(-2) at-1.13 V vs RHE. DFT calculations suggest the interface of Cu planes and polyoxometalate clusters with abundant Cu-O-Mo active sites promote the generation of *CH3 and successive coupling with CO2 insertion, showing a potential dependence of acetate production. This work provides a Cu-O-Mo interface model for the rational design of earth-abundant metal based electrocatalysts for CO2RR and other renewable energy conversions. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2020.119426
facet-dependent pathways for CO2 reduction to CH4&&structure control&&How symmetry factors cause potential- and facet-dependent pathway shifts during CO2 reduction to CH4 on Cu electrodes The deactivation of copper electrodes is a serious problem that can affect the scalability and deployment of CO2 electrolyzers. The effect is generally attributed to the cathodic deposition of Fe and Zn impurities from the electrolyte. Herein, an experimental-theoretical study shows the existence of potentialand facet-dependent pathways for CO2 reduction to CH4 on Cu. The small-overpotential pathway deactivates the electrodes, while the large-overpotential pathway does not. Theoretical modeling traces the origin of the deactivation to *COH and *CHO, the two *CO hydrogenation products. *COH, which reduces to *C (precursor to coke), is more stable than *CHO around the equilibrium potential, but its symmetry factor is smaller. Hence, the *COH-based coking pathway opens first until the potential is negative enough for the *CHO-based pathway to dominate. This highlights the often-neglected role of symmetry factors in electrocatalysis design and suggests that small increases in *CHO's symmetry factor can mitigate Cu deactivation. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2020.119776
controlled growth facet&&structure control&&Efficient electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to HCOOH by bimetallic In-Cu nanoparticles with controlled growth facet The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formic acid (HCOOH) by Indium (In)-based materials have been considered an effective way to solve the energy crisis. Unfortunately, In-based materials face a low selectivity for HCOOH in CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) systems. Here, we have successfully prepared bimetallic InxCuy (x, y are the molar ratio) nanoparticles (NPs) electrocatalysts. For the first time, we adjust the growth direction of the electrocatalysts crystal facets by changing the In/Cu ratio in the electrocatalysts structure, so that the Faraday efficiency of HCOOH by In-based materials are raised to a new level (90 % at -1.2 V vs. RHE). Indeed, DFT calculations further showed that the In (101) facet of in InxCuy NPs stabilizes the *OCHO intermediate more effectively, thereby reducing the potential for CO2 to HCOOH. The insights gained from this work can lay the foundation for designing efficient electrocatalysts for the reduction of CO2 to HCOOH. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2020.119646
Owing to formation of Bi-Cu interface through the separated growth of Bi and Cu atoms on defective copper foam, the Bi-Cu bimetallic electrode converts CO2 to formate&&composite&&Separated growth of Bi-Cu bimetallic electrocatalysts on defective copper foam for highly converting CO2 to formate with alkaline anion-exchange membrane beyond KHCO3 electrolyte Tuning the geometric and electronic structure of bimetallic electrocatalyst to facilitate a specific reaction pathway and offer more active sites is a promising avenue for enhancing activity and selectivity of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (eCO(2) RR). Owing to formation of Bi-Cu interface through the separated growth of Bi and Cu atoms on defective copper foam, the Bi-Cu bimetallic electrode converts CO2 to formate with an allured Faradaic efficiency (94.37%) and partial current density (27.85 mA cm(-2)) at -0.91 Vversus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Notably, such electrode with tight moss-like structure delivers the excellent durability under 58 h electrolysis, outperforming most of the current Bi-based catalysts. Moreover, we have experimentally shown that KOH is a better electrolyte than KHCO3 due to the lower solution resistance and more confinement of free CO2 gas, and the alkaline anion-exchange membrane is more ideal than the cation-exchange membrane counterpart, owing to the enhancement of formate selectivity by suppressing the evolution of H-2. This study inspires a complete set of concepts for highly converting CO2 to formate that contains the design of effective electrocatalysts, the role of growth substrate, the effect of different electrolytes and membranes. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120003
The excellent CO2 reduction to CO can be attributed to the intimate interfacial interaction between the g-C3N4 and metal oxides (Cu2O-FeO) and the higher electrochemically active surface area.&&composite&&Nanocomposite catalyst of graphitic carbon nitride and Cu/Fe mixed metal oxide for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO To address the challenges of excessive emission of CO2, development of highly efficient electrocatalysts based on earth-abundant metals and non-metals for CO2 reduction is of great importance. Herein, we report a novel gC3N4/Cu2O-FeO heterogeneous nanocomposite catalyst for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO, with a maximum Faradaic efficiency of 84.4 % at a low onset overpotential of -0.24 V vs. normal hydrogen electrode (NHE). Moreover, the turnover frequency for CO2 conversion to CO reached 10300 h-1 with a high selectivity of 96.3 % at -1.60 V vs. Ag/AgCl, corresponding to a thermodynamic overpotential of -0.865 V vs. NHE. The excellent CO2 reduction to CO can be attributed to the intimate interfacial interaction between the g-C3N4 and metal oxides (Cu2O-FeO) and the higher electrochemically active surface area. Therefore, this work demonstrates the use of a g-C3N4/mixed metal oxide heterostructure as a novel and efficient nanocomposite for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction in neutral aqueous medium. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120052
novel copper@poly(ionic liquid) (Cu@PIL) hybrids demonstrate multi-electron reduction (> 2e(-)) with current densities >= 300 mA cm(-2).&&composite&&Regulating electrochemical CO2RR selectivity at industrial current densities by structuring copper@poly(ionic liquid) interface Ionic liquid-based electrocatalytic CO2 reduction faces the challenge of achieving high selectivity toward value-added C2+ products at high reaction rate (>= 100 mA cm(-2)). Herein, novel copper@poly(ionic liquid) (Cu@PIL) hybrids demonstrate multi-electron reduction (> 2e(-)) with current densities >= 300 mA cm(-2). Remarkably, Cu@PIL with F- anion exhibits high C2+ faradaic efficiency of 58 % with a high partial current density of 174 mA cm(-2). Further, a highest C2+ partial current density of 233 mA cm(-2) was also achieved. Experimental combined theoretical investigations reveal that the "individual" ionic pairs in the outer PIL layer enrich local CO2 concentration, thereby promoting the CO2 supply. Besides, an interfacial electric field is induced by the unbonded imidazolium moieties at Cu-PIL interface, which stabilize intermediates. Anions, differing in the electron-donating number to the imidazolium moieties, influence both the enrichment of CO2 and the stabilization of intermediates, thus regulating current density and product selectivity. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120471
 unique rice spike-like microstructure &&structure control&&Facile synthesis of porous Cu-Sn alloy electrode with prior selectivity of formate in a wide potential range for CO2 electrochemical reduction CO2 electroreduction is regarded as a potential way to mitigate CO2 level and produce value-added chemicals. Although Cu-Sn bimetallic electrodes show an excellent selectivity towards targeted formate or CO, the better performance is only achieved in a narrow potential range. Herein, porous Cu6.26Sn5 electrode is prepared. Alloying Cu with Sn atoms tunes the electronic structure of catalyst, which balances the adsorption and protonation of CO2*-intermediate. The unique rice spike-like microstructure intensifies the local electric field to raise the CO2 concentration at the reaction sites. As a result, it exhibits a superior selectivity towards formate with the maximum faradaic efficiency (FEformate) of 97.8 +/- 2.4 %. The better selectivity (FEformate over 80 %) is maintained over a wider potential range of 600 mV, which outperforms the majority of reported Cu-Sn bimetallic electrodes. This research provides a promising way to concurrently regulate morphological and electronic structure of alloy electrodes for efficient CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120119
 the rod-like CuBi bimetallic catalysts were synthesized by carbonization and oxidation of CuBi-MOF precursors.&&structure control&&MOF derived bimetallic CuBi catalysts with ultra-wide potential window for high-efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate Bimetallic electrocatalysts have been proved to be an effective approach to improve the activity and selectivity of electrochemical reduction reaction of CO2 (CO2RR) to formate. However, the activity of catalyst and selectivity of formate are still unsatisfactory. Herein, the rod-like CuBi bimetallic catalysts were synthesized by carbonization and oxidation of CuBi-MOF precursors. Owing to the formation of Bi2CuO4 in the interface of catalyst, the activity and selectivity of the bimetallic CuBi catalysts were greatly enhanced, showing an allured high FEformate of 100 % at -0.77 V (vs. RHE), ultra wide potential window of 900 mV, and excellent durability in H-cell. The insitu FT-IR and DFT calculation demonstrated that the HCOO* pathway was dominant. Bi2CuO4 can boost the CO2 molecules adsorption capacity and enhance the charge transfer capacity, which benefit its activity and formate selectivity for CO2RR. This work offers insights in improving the catalytic performance of bimetallic catalysts for CO2RR. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120571
a novel KCu7S4/CuO interfacial structure is well constructed to induce the formation of localized charge region to optimize the adsorption properties of active intermediates at the interface to promote CO2 electroreduction.&&composite&&Charge localization to optimize reactant adsorption on KCu7S4/CuO interfacial structure toward selective CO2 electroreduction Regulating electronic structure of electrocatalysts to optimize reactant adsorption on the catalyst surface is a crucial tactic to boost catalytic activity in electrocatalysis. Herein, a novel KCu7S4/CuO interfacial structure is well constructed to induce the formation of localized charge region to optimize the adsorption properties of active intermediates at the interface to promote CO2 electroreduction. The catalyst of interfacial catalyst delivered boosted CO2RR activity and selectivity toward formate with a Faraday efficiency (FE) of 71.0 % and a decent current density of 7.56 mA cm-2 at a moderate potential of -0.9 V (versus reversible hydrogen electrode) as well as a good durability. Theoretical calculations unveiled that the enhanced CO2RR activity and formate selectivity could be attributed to the strengthened CO2* adsorption in the initial step, the increased adsorption of the key intermediates OCHO*, and the weakened H* adsorption via the localized positive charge region induced by charge redistribution at interface. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120531
 the superiority of Cu foam &&structure control&&Copper-triggered delocalization of bismuth p-orbital favours high-throughput CO2 electroreduction At present, formic acid with the high energy value is the promising product generated by the large-scale renewable electricity-driven CO2 conversion, yet challenges remain in the high-throughput and low-energy production accompanied by the considerable selectivity. Herein, in view of the contribution of electronic modulation to electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) activity of catalysts, the thin BiCu-bimetallic film was designed and built on Cu foam (BiCu/CF) by coupling a facile hydrothermal reaction and an immediate electrochemical transformation. The theoretical evidences demonstrate that Bip-orbital delocalization triggered by the close-contact metal Cu optimizes reaction pathway of CO2RR, and also favours the orbital hybridization between Bi atom and *OCHO intermediate to form more anti-bonding orbitals, resulting in stabilizing *OCHO intermediate and lowering the thermodynamic barrier of CO2RR. Meanwhile, the electron transferred from catalyst-sites to reaction species also accelerates during CO2RR. Integrating the improved intrinsic activity of Bi catalytic-sites and the superiority of Cu foam in exposing more active sites and the mechanical strength, the BiCu/CF electrode with optimal thickness can acquire satisfactory indicators for industrial application, yielding a record formate current density of 856 mA cm(-2), higher than 85% Faradic efficiency, along with a remarkable stability, which outperforms state-of-the-art Bi-based catalysts. This study offers potential avenues of engineering orbital delocalization to rationally construct advanced CO2RR electrodes for the carbon-neutral cycle and utilization. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120781
PANI/Cu2O&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide at low overpotential on a polyaniline/Cu2O nanocomposite based electrode The electrochemical reduction of CO2 using Cu2O nanoparticle decorated polyaniline matrix (PANI/Cu2O) in 0.1 M tetrabutylammonium perchlorate (TBAP) and methanol electrolyte was investigated under ambient conditions. The experiment was carried out in a divided H-type two-compartment cell with a Nafion membrane as diaphragm separating the cathodic and anodic compartments. The catalyst was synthesized electrochemically as a thin film by using cyclic voltammetry and constant current mode deposition technique. The as-fabricated electrode was analyzed with various techniques to probe the nature and composition of the nanoparticles deposited onto the polyaniline matrix, which confirmed the presence of well-defined Cu (I) species in the film. The reduction of CO2 was carried out at various polarization potentials; the main products were formic and acetic acid with faradaic efficiencies of 30.4% and 63.0% at a polarization potential of -0.3 V vs. SCE (sat. KCl). A possible reduction pathway is through the formation of Had atoms and subsequent transfer to CO2 through the polymer film to form the products. An appreciable efficiency was achieved in the formation of formic acid and acetic acid with the developed catalyst. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.apenergy.2014.01.022
Cu/CeO2 catalysts with different morphologies &&structure control&&Unveiling the reaction pathway on Cu/CeO2 catalyst for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to CH4 The determination of reaction mechanism for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction by experiments is still out of reach on copper catalyst, which limits its advance towards industrial implementation. Here, the Cu/CeO2 catalyst as paradigm was studied to validate the reaction intermediates and pathway. The Cu/CeO2 catalysts with different morphologies were synthesized, and it is discovered that the nanorod Cu/CeO2 catalyst exhibits high selectivity for CO2-to-CH4 with the highest turnover frequency for CH4 production among the samples. Detailed study indicates that the nanorod Cu/CeO2 possesses the largest electrochemically active surface area, higher proportion of O-vacancy sites, and better capability of CO2 adsorption and activation. The chemical nature above together contributes to its high activity. Theoretical calculations reveal that the doping of Cu into CeO2 can significantly lower the reaction energy barrier of *CO2 ->*COOH and change the reaction pathway from *CHOH ->*CH2OH to *CHOH ->*CH, effectively improving the catalytic performance for CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120951
the exceptionally high CO2 electrocatalytic performance of the CuFe nitrogen-carbon electrode arises from its favorable local coordination environment and electronic structure giving rise to cooperative metal and pyridine N active sites for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO.&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly dispersed CuFe-nitrogen active sites electrode for synergistic electrochemical CO2 reduction at low overpotential The electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide into value-added chemicals and fuels using renewable energy sources is very promising and attractive in terms of both increasing energy utilization and environmental protection. Here we report a highly dispersed CuFe nitrogen-carbon framework as an efficient catalyst coated on carbon paper to form gas diffusion electrode for electrochemical CO2 reduction. Such a electrode not only surmounts the disadvantage of single Cu or Fe electrode but also exhibits high selectivity, low overpotential and high energy efficiency for CO production. The as-fabricated electrode effectively converts CO2 into CO with a low overpotential of 90 mV and high Faradaic efficiency over 90% at low applied potential range from -0.3 to -0.6 V (maximum 95.5% at -0.4 V, all potentials are converted to the reversible hydrogen electrode) with a high CO current density of 2.1 mA cm(-2) at -0.5 V, as well extremely high energy efficiency of 78.3% at -0.4 V. It also exhibits robust stability during long-time electrolysis, with about 95% CO selectivity retained after 20 h electrolysis. The density functional theory computations unravel that the exceptionally high CO2 electrocatalytic performance of the CuFe nitrogen-carbon electrode arises from its favorable local coordination environment and electronic structure giving rise to cooperative metal and pyridine N active sites for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO. Doi:10.1016_j.apenergy.2020.115029
nano-sized Bi-based electrocatalyst deposited on a Cu foil &&structure control&&Electrodeposition of nano-sized bismuth on copper foil as electrocatalyst for reduction of CO2 to formate Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to formate is energetically inefficient because high overpotential is required for reduction of CO2 to formate on most traditional catalysts. In this paper, a novel nano-sized Bi-based electrocatalyst deposited on a Cu foil has been synthesized, which can be used as a cathode for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate with a low overpotential (0.69 V) and a high selectivity (91.3%). The electrocatalyst can show excellent catalytic performance toward reduction of CO2 which can probably be attributed to the nano-sized structure and the surface oxide layer. The energy efficiency for reduction of CO2 to formate can reach to 50% when an IrxSnyRuzO2/Ti electrode is used as anode, it is one of the highest values found in the literatures and very practicable for sustainable fuel synthesis. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2016.10.017
The Sn/f-Cu electrode exhibits excellent catalytic activity for CO2 reduction compared with the Cu foam electrode and the Sn plate electrode.&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate catalyzed by electroplated tin coating on copper foam Sn/f-Cu electrode has been prepared by electrodeposition Sn on a Cu foam substrate in aqueous plating solution, which has been used as the cathode for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) in aqueous KHCO3 solution. Here, we have explored the effects of the deposition time and the electrolysis potential on the Faradaic efficiency for producing formate. The results demonstrate that maximum Faradaic efficiency of 83.5% is obtained at-1.8 V vs. Ag/AgCl when the Sn/f-Cu electrode is prepared by electrodeposition for 35 min. The Sn/f-Cu electrode exhibits excellent catalytic activity for CO2 reduction compared with the Cu foam electrode and the Sn plate electrode. The average current density and the production rate of formate for the Sn/f-Cu electrode are more than twice those for the Sn plate electrode during electrochemical reduction of CO2. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2015.11.255
nanoporous Zn-Cu catalysts &&structure control&&In-situ grown nanoporous Zn-Cu catalysts on brass foils for enhanced electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide In-situ grown nanoporous Zn-Cu catalysts were prepared by simply annealing a commercial brass foil at 500 degrees C in air, followed by electrochemical reduction. During the annealing process, Zn preferentially melted and migrated out of the framework of the alloy to form a thin layer of ZnO on its surface. Subsequent electroreduction created nanoporous Zn-enriched surface. The Zn concentration increased from 36% to 50% by 10 min, to 81% by 3 h, and to 87% by 12 h annealing treatment while the average pore size decreased from 290 nm to 120 nm as the annealing time increased from 1 h to 12 h. Faradaic efficiency of CO2 reduction to CO and HCOOH was enhanced by nearly 4 and 6 times, respectively, as compared to untreated brass foils. The nanoporous Zn-Cu catalyst presented a stable ratio of CO/H-2 and a steady working current density in a continuous electrolysis of 18 h in 0.5 M KHCO3 solution. (C) 2018 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2018.03.146
 porous morphology&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to useful chemicals on copper nanoparticles One of the best options to utilize CO2 is to convert it to useful chemicals, which may lead to economic and environmental benefits. In the present work, highly stable metallic copper nanoparticles (Cu NPs) have been synthesized and characterized by different physio-chemical characterization techniques like X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD), Brunauer-Emmet-Teller (BET), etc. The prepared Cu NPs exhibit porous morphology in pure metallic state with high surface area of 630 m(2).g(-1). From electrochemical experiments, total Faradaic efficiency (FE) for the liquid products reached to similar to 58% at -0.8 V (vs. RHE) using prepared Cu NPs as an electrocatalyst. The Cu NPs majorly produced formic acid (2.3 mM) with small quantities of acetic acid (13 mu M), ethanol (51 mu M), and n-propanol (32 mu M) under studied conditions. In addition, FE for formic acid remained constant around similar to 40% at -0.8 V vs. RHE) when reusing the same electrode number of times. The good performance of Cu NPs might be due to the presence of lots of micropores on the surface, which increases CO2 adsorption for its conversion to chemicals. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2020.148020
we developed a facile one-pot approach to prepare Cu delta+ -rich catalyst by doping phosphorus.&&defect&&Promotion of electrochemical CO2 reduction to ethylene on phosphorus-doped copper nanocrystals with stable Cu delta+ sites Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to C2+ products is a sustainable energy-driven pursuit for high added-value hydrocarbons. Tremendous efforts have been made to copper based electrocatalysts, which are well-known for producing C2+ products. However, being short of well-defined catalysts with stable Cu delta+ electronic structure hinders its practical application and in-depth understanding. Herein, we developed a facile one-pot approach to prepare Cu delta+ -rich catalyst by doping phosphorus. Enhanced performance and tunable product selectivities are achieved due to the electron donor-acceptor interaction based on phosphorus content in series. C-2 hydrocarbons and alcohols are produced with high (similar to 44.9%) selectivity, in which C2H4 (30.7 +/- 0.9%) is dominant at -1.6 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). This P-Cu catalyst shows a significantly higher current density (57.2 mA cm(-2) ) compared to pristine Cu. In addition, the favorable Cu delta+ is reserved during CO2RR contributing to a longterm stability. Experimental results and DFT calculations demonstrate that the Cu delta+ moiety facilitates the adsorption of carbon intermediates, C-C coupling and hence promotes the generation of C2H4 energetically. The well-designed catalyst indicates the profit of electronic structure engineering in designing catalysts for multiplestep chemical conversions. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2021.148965
 varying the loading of Zn in the CuZnx/NGN&&structure control&&Oxide-derived Cu-Zn nanoparticles supported on N-doped graphene for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethanol The oxide-derived Cu and Zn nanoparticles (prepared by co-precipitation method) supported on N-doped graphene (CuZnx/NGN) were prepared and ZnO loading was optimized for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) to multi-carbon products. The ECR experiments were performed in aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte at ambient pressure. Results suggest that the Faradaic efficiency (FE) for multicarbon products could be tuned by varying the loading of Zn in the CuZnx/NGN. The catalyst with 20 wt% ZnO loading (CuZn20/NGN) gives the highest FE of 34.25% for ethanol production and 12.38% for N-propanol at -0.8 V (vs. RHE) with the total current density of 3.95 mA cm(-2). The CuZn20/NGN electrode shows long term stability of at least 24 h at optimized conditions. It is suggested that CO generated at the reduced ZnO nanoparticles increases the local surface coverage of *CO on the reduced CuO, which improves the C-C coupling rate, facilitating the multi-carbon production (i.e. ethanol). Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2021.149790
we experimentally studied the relationship between sharpness of Sn/Cu catalysts with their activity through the fabrication of Sn/Cu foil, rods, and cones.&&structure control&&Electric-field-driven electrochemical CO2 reduction of sharpened Sn/Cu catalysts Sharpening of noble metal catalysts has been proven to enhance the performance of CO2 electrochemical reduction to CO. However, this approach has not been validated for non-precious metal catalysts such as Cubased bimetallic catalysts. Moreover, the morphology of sharpened catalysts was relatively random and nonuniform, making it difficult to quantify the curvature of nanostructures. Here, we experimentally studied the relationship between sharpness of Sn/Cu catalysts with their activity through the fabrication of Sn/Cu foil, rods, and cones. The Sn/Cu catalysts were fabricated by template-based nanoimprint lithography, electroplating of Cu film, and electroless coating of Sn nanoparticles. The finite-element-based simulation provides evidence that the local electric field intensified as the curvature of catalysts increased. As a result, Sn/Cu cones exhibited much better faradaic efficiency of CO (FECO) = 82.7% and current density of CO (jCO) = 5.43 mA/cm2 than Sn/Cu foil (FECO = 41.3% and jCO = 2.29 mA/cm2) and Sn/Cu rods (FECO = 59.7% and jCO = 3.87 mA/cm2). This work reveals that the local electric field induced by the sharp tip plays a significant role in improving the FECO and lowering the onset potential of CO2 reduction reaction. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2021.150460
The CuS/N,S-rGO electrode exhibits excellent performance for CO2RR is attributed to the synergistic effect between N,S-rGO and CuS&&composite&&Ultrafine CuS anchored on nitrogen and sulfur Co-doped graphene for selective CO2 electroreduction to formate Electrochemical conversion of CO2 into hydrocarbons can effectively alleviate the energy crisis and promote carbon cycle. Herein, we report that small-size CuS nanoparticles are confined in nitrogen and sulfur co-doped reduced graphene oxide (CuS/N,S-rGO) for electrochemically reducing CO2 to formate. Specifically, the CuS/N, S-rGO electrode achieves maximum Faradaic efficiency of 82% for formate formation at-0.63 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Moreover, this catalyst exhibits a stable performance during 20 h-electrolysis. Experiments demonstrate that the doping of nitrogen and sulfur can create an abundance of active sites on the graphene nanosheets to accelerate the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). The CuS/N,S-rGO electrode exhibits excellent performance for CO2RR is attributed to the synergistic effect between N,S-rGO and CuS, and graphene can improve stability of composite. This work provides an efficient electrocatalyst for CO2RR and offers a facile and environmental friendly approach to synthesize small-size Cu-based composites. Doi:10.1016_j.apsusc.2021.151796
The excellent performance of Cu2O/NCS is attributed to the high dispersion of cubic Cu2O nanocrystals and the abundant pyridinic-N moieties in NCS&&composite&&Cubic Cu2O on nitrogen-doped carbon shells for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to C2H4 Electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to ethylene (C2H4) is one of the most feasible approaches to reduce the carbon emissions and enhance carbon dioxide utilization, whereas the lack of efficient catalysts impedes the scale application. Cuprous oxide (Cu2O) is a promising catalyst for the formation of C2H4 but with unsatisfied selectivity and stability. Herein, we prepared Cu2O/nitrogen-doped carbon shell (Cu2O/NCS) composite and employed it in the production of C2H4 from CO2 electroreduction. The ultra-thin NCS with graphene-like structure was prepared from petroleum asphalt by template method. The cubic Cu2O nanocrystals are uniformly dispersed on the surface of NCS with ca. 150 nm diameters. Cu2O/NCS loaded on glass carbon electrode showed a high faradaic efficiency of C2H4 (24.7%) at similar to 1.3 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode) as well as remarkable stability. The excellent performance of Cu2O/NCS is attributed to the high dispersion of cubic Cu2O nanocrystals and the abundant pyridinic-N moieties in NCS. This work provides a new strategy to improve the selectivity and durability of Cu2O for production C2H4 from electrocatalytic CO2 reduction by fabricating composites with nitrogen-doped carbon materials. (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.carbon.2019.02.010
Cu single-atom catalyst&&atomic level dispersion&&Scalable strategy to fabricate single Cu atoms coordinated carbons for efficient electroreduction of CO2 to CO Developing efficient, selective, and stable single-atom electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is attractive but still remains a challenging, especially for scalable production with low-cost. Among the non-precious metal single-atom electrocatalysts, Cu single-atom electrocatalysts are rarely explored for the efficient CO2-to-CO conversion. Herein, we reported a facile and scalable strategy to prepare the Cu single-atom catalyst (Cu SAs/NC) with exceptional CO production performances. Atomically dispersed Cu-N-4 moieties are unambiguously verified by HAADF-STEM and XANES measurements. The as-prepared Cu SAs/NC catalyst delivers a high CO faradaic efficiency of 92% at -0.7 V-RHE as well as the excellent durability over 30 h successive electrolysis. It should be noted that this is one of the rare examples of efficient CO production on Cu single-atom electrocatalyst. Besides, the 20-g + samples can be readily fabricated in one batch and exhibit the almost identical CO2RR performances. Furthermore, the combined experimental and theoretical calculation results identify the genuine active Cu-N-4 sites are responsible for the high selectivity and efficiency of CO production. This work provides a novel strategy for scalable single-atom electrocatalysts in stable quality and offers new insights into the efficient CO2-to-CO conversion on Cu single-atom electrocatalyst. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.carbon.2020.06.088
This increased selectivity towards the formation of C-2 chemicals, meanwhile suppressed C-1 chemicals, are attributed to the presence of surface defects and a large number of grain boundaries&&defect&&Selective formation of C-2 products from the electrochemical conversion of CO2 on CuO-derived copper electrodes comprised of nanoporous ribbon arrays Promotion of C-C bond coupling in the electrochemical conversion of CO2 to fuels is of great scientific and practical interest. Selective formation of C-2 over the C-1 products, however, is a formidable challenge on all electrocatalysts known in literature. Here, we report the selectivity of CuO-derived porous copper nanoribbon arrays as the electrode to convert CO2 to C-2 products. The C-C bond coupling occurred at electrode potentials <-0.701 V vs. RHE. The total Faradaic efficiency towards the formation of these C-2 compounds (C2H4, C2H6 and C2H5OH) reached to similar to 40% at -0.816 V vs. RHE under ambient pressure and temperature. More importantly, at the same condition, the total Faradaic efficiency for C-1 products (CO and HCOO-) was <3%, which were major products when a Cu2O-derived Cu electrode was used. Methane was not observed, a key product on a Cu foil electrode. This increased selectivity towards the formation of C-2 chemicals, meanwhile suppressed C-1 chemicals, are attributed to the presence of surface defects and a large number of grain boundaries on the CuO-derived porous Cu nanoribbon arrays electrode. Moreover, the activation of CO2 was found to likely occur at the copper surface; while the presence of copper oxide layer reported in literature may result from the interaction between copper and water during the post analysis process. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2016.10.001
Such a configuration enables the outer layer to act as a filter that protects the Cu surface from adsorption of undesirable species, enhances its electrocatalytic performance, and improves its viability in CO2 electroreduction reaction. &&composite&&Effect of nanostructured carbon support on copper electrocatalytic activity toward CO2 electroreduction to hydrocarbon fuels The effect of support on electrocatalytic activity of Cu nanoparticles (NPs) towards CO2 electroreduction to hydrocarbon fuels (CH4 and C2H4) is investigated for three types of nanostructured carbons: single wall carbon nanotubes (SWNT), reduced graphene oxide (RGO) and onion-like carbon (OLC). Cu/SWNT, Cu/RGO and Cu/OLC composite catalysts are synthesized and characterized by X-ray diffraction analysis, transmission electron microscopy and electrochemical surface area measurements. Electrocatalytic activities of the synthesized materials, as measured in an electrochemical cell connected to a gas chromatograph, are compared to that of Cu NPs supported on Vulcan carbon. All four catalysts demonstrate higher activity towards C2H4 generation vs CH4, with production of the latter mostly suppressed on Cu NPs supported on nanostructured substrates. Onset potentials for C2H4 vs CH4 generation demonstrate 200 mV positive shifts for Cu/SWNT, Cu/RGO, and Cu/OLC catalysts. The Cu/OLC catalyst is found to be superior to the other two nanostructured catalysts in terms of stability, activity and selectivity towards C2H4 generation. Its faradaic efficiency reached 60% at -1.8 V vs Ag/AgCl. The enhanced stability and activity of the Cu/OLC catalyst can be attributed to the unique catalyst design, wherein a shell of OLC surrounds the Cu NPs. Such a configuration enables the outer layer to act as a filter that protects the Cu surface from adsorption of undesirable species, enhances its electrocatalytic performance, and improves its viability in CO2 electroreduction reaction. The enhanced selectivity of the Cu/OLC catalyst towards the C2H4 production is most likely related to the enhanced electrocatalytic activity of the OLC support towards the CO2 electroreduction to CO. Higher CO surface concentration from CO2 electroreduction on the OLC support, rather than a greater number of available sites for CO dimerization, likely originated this behavior. CO molecules generate on surfaces of OLCs, dimerize on Cu NP (100) planes, and, subsequently, yield additional C2H4 molecules. Both the reduction of the CO2 to CO on the surface of OLCs and reduction of "extra" CO molecules to C2H4 on the surface of Cu NPs are expected to lead to an increase in the local pH, which is also beneficial for the C2H4 production. Published by Elsevier B.V. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2016.11.001
coupling of nanostructured CuO to form SnO2-CuO nanocomposites&&structure control&&Aqueous-phase electrochemical reduction of CO2 based on SnO2-CuO nanocomposites with improved catalytic activity and selectivity In the present study we demonstrate that the activity and selectivity of SnO2 nanocatalysts during the aqueous-phase electrochemical reduction CO2 can be effectively tailored by coupling of nanostructured CuO to form SnO2-CuO nanocomposites. Comparing the Faradaic selectivity of formate as a function of the applied electrode potential and electrolysis time, it is found that CuO incorporation can significantly improve the activity of SnO2-CuO composite catalysts. When the ratio of CuO in the bulk composite was 50%, the formed SnO2(50%)-CuO( 50%) nanocomposite gives the best catalytic performance with the onset potential as early as -0.75 V and the current density at -1.25 V as high as about-24 mA cm(-2). Ion chromatography measurement demonstrates that when the electrolysis was held at -1.0 V for 1 h in 0.5M KHCO3, the maximum Faradaic efficiency of formate production can be high up to 74.1%. The outstanding stability of SnO2 nanocatalyst fabricated electrode is also evidenced due to the stronger synergistic effect induced by CuO compositing, where the SnO2(50%)-CuO (50%) composite catalyst keeps a steady current density without any dropt over 30 h' continuous electrolysis approach. The improved performances are deduced from the strong synergistic interactions between SnO2 and CuO nanocomposite as evidenced from SEM, XRD and XPS analysis results. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2017.09.018
A rational catalyst design strategy for further improvement of the ZnO/CNT catalyst is to dope with copper to strengthen the binding energy of the CO intermediate, which could improve the activity. &&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to synthesis gas on CNT supported CuxZn1-x O catalysts Electrochemical CO2 reduction is a promising method for the production of CO2 neutral fuels and chemicals from renewable electricity. ZnO supported on CNT is a low-cost electro catalyst that can produce syngas from CO2 and H2O. A rational catalyst design strategy for further improvement of the ZnO/CNT catalyst is to dope with copper to strengthen the binding energy of the CO intermediate, which could improve the activity. In this work, a series of CuZnO/CNT catalysts with intimate Cu and Zn contact and various Cu loadings are prepared. By varying the copper content we show that the synergy of copper and zinc improves the activity for CO formation, and the optimal copper content is 20 at%. On hydrogen evolution, the addition of copper has a two-fold effect. This reaction is enhanced by the reduced ZnO particle size obtained when copper is added, but at similar particle sizes of ZnO, a suppression is observed with increasing copper content as CO evolution is enhanced. Stability tests showed that pure ZnO phase is more stable than metallic copper on ZnO. Compared with polycrystalline silver, the CuZnO/CNT catalysts are more active for syngas formation at a useful CO: H-2 composition. This work demonstrates that the viability of DFT based rational design of electrochemical CO2 reduction catalyst. By varying CuZnO composition as well as crystallite size, one is able to tune the electrochemical reduction activity towards CO and H-2, and therefore achieve desired syngas ratio. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2019.02.045
 The enhanced ethanol formation is ascribed to more CO formation on Au sites to promote C-C coupling.&&composite&&Promoting carbon dioxide electroreduction toward ethanol through loading Au nanoparticles on hollow Cu2O nanospheres Electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR) to ethanol is a way to advance CO2 utilization toward a renewable chemical feedstock and fuel. In present study, an approach to promote ethanol production is employed through adding Au, which is favorable toward CO formation, onto Cu2O catalysts. Namely, the Cu2O hollow nanospheres with a size of 150-180 nm were synthesized by a soft template method, and then Au nanoparticles of similar to 7 nm were loaded to obtain Aux/Cu2O composites. The Aux/Cu2O catalysts have an earlier onset for ethanol production than Cu2O. Besides, Aux/Cu2O catalysts display the significantly enhanced Faraday efficiencies (FEs) of CO and ethanol, the suppressed hydrogen evolution reaction and the slightly weakened HCOOH formation. Among them, Au-0.17/Cu2O stands out with the highest FEs of ethanol from 10.8%-16.2% throughout the measuring potentials, suggesting an optimal amount of Au. Furthermore, it is found that the FEs of ethanol increase as the atomic ratio of Au/Cu increases at the medium reduction potentials (-1.1 V to -1.3 V). Besides, it is demonstrated that ethanol formation is more favorable over ethylene formation, evidenced by the ratio of FEethanol/FEethylene reaching 2.0, 3.3, 4.1 on three Au-x/Cu2O catalysts, respectively. This correlation between the ethanol production and the Au amount reflects that Au plays a crucial role in promoting ethanol formation. The enhanced ethanol formation is ascribed to more CO formation on Au sites to promote C-C coupling. Our study demonstrates an effective approach to develop Cu-based electrocatalysts for ethanol formation from CO2. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2020.08.001
a compact three-dimensional geometry&&structure control&&Bimetallic Cu-based hollow fibre electrodes for CO2 electroreduction The electrochemical reduction of CO2 represents an attractive alternative to both, i) satisfy the increasing energy demand, and ii) to help closing the carbon cycle. However, the energy required for CO2 activation and the subsequent required multiple number of proton-coupled electron transfer steps, makes this process very challenging. Besides, catalytic material limitations hamper the application of this technology in the short term. Consequently, in this work we synthesise, characterise and preliminarily evaluate bimetallic Cu-based hollow fibre electrodes with a compact three-dimensional geometry to overcome mass transfer limitations and to enhance the electrochemical conversion of CO2. The Cu hollow fibres are functionalised with Au in an attempt to tune the binding energy of the CO* intermediate, which appears to be key in the reduction of CO2. The Cu fibres are also functionalised with Ni, aiming to decrease the reaction overpotential, resulting in beneficial energy efficiency. The so prepared Cu-based porous hollow fibre electrodes are obtained by dry-wet spinning and electrodeposition procedures. The materials are then characterised by scanning electron microscopy, energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction analyses and cyclic voltammetry. Finally, preliminary results of CO2 electroreduction in a divided three-electrode cell are reported. The results show the potential of highly active, bimetallic hollow fibre-based electrocatalysts for enhanced conversion of CO2 into value-added products. Deposition of particles should be performed with care, not to affect pore characteristics and thus mass transfer properties. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2019.03.025
Clear differences between the catalysts derived from CuS, Cu2S or CuO nanoparticles were observed, which was ascribed to the presence of residual sulfur in the catalysts.&&structure control&&Copper sulfide derived nanoparticles supported on carbon for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to produce sustainable fuels and chemicals is attracting great attention. Cubased catalysts can lead to the production of a range of different molecules, and interestingly the product selectivity strongly depends on the preparation history, although it is not fully understood yet why. We report a novel strategy that allowed us to prepare Cu nanoparticle on carbon catalysts with similar morphologies, but prepared by in-situ reduction of either supported CuS, Cu2S or CuO nanoparticles. For the first time the evolution of the Cu species was followed under CO2 and H+ reduction conditions using in-situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy. Excellent electrochemical contact between the Cu-based nanoparticles, the carbon support and the carbon-paper substrate was observed, resulting in metallic Cu as the predominant phase under typical electrochemical CO2 reduction conditions. Even covering less than 4% of the H2 producing carbon support with Cusulfide derived nanoparticles allowed to steer the selectivity to a maximum of 12% Faradaic efficiency for the production of formate. Clear differences between the catalysts derived from CuS, Cu2S or CuO nanoparticles were observed, which was ascribed to the presence of residual sulfur in the catalysts. Doi:10.1016_j.cattod.2020.09.020
unique electrode morphology&&structure control&&Cloride-derived copper electrode for efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethylene The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide can convert the greenhouse gas into value-added chemical products or fuels, which provides a promising strategy to address current energy and environmental issues. Increasing the selectivity for C2&C2+ products, particularly ethylene, remains an important goal in this field. We chose cuprous chloride as the catalyst precursor for electrochemical reduction of CO2 , which efficiently converted carbon dioxide to ethylene. CuCl powder exhibited a maximum ethylene faradaic efficiency (FE) of 37%, ethylene partial current density of 14.8 mA/cm(2), and selectivity of 57.5% for C2&C2+ products at -1.06V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, RHE). Electron microcopy (TEM, SEM) and time-resolved ex situ X-ray diffraction (XRD) demonstrated that the catalyst was transformed gradually into a mixed phase of copper and cuprous oxide, with the morphological change into a cubic structure during reduction process. The presence of Cu1+ and the unique electrode morphology may simultaneously lead to the enhanced electrochemical activity. (C) 2018 Chinese Chemical Society and Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.cclet.2018.07.003
As the Cu content increased, the morphologies of Ag-Cu dendrite catalysts changed significantly from round to flower-like shapes accompanied by a decrease in branch size of the dendritic structure.&&structure control&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO on dendritic Ag-Cu electrocatalysts prepared by electrodeposition Ag, Ag-Cu and Cu dendrite catalysts were electrochemically prepared on a Cu foil substrate to investigate their catalytic activity and selectivity for electrochemical CO2 reduction to CO. As the Cu content increased, the morphologies of Ag-Cu dendrite catalysts changed significantly from round to flower-like shapes accompanied by a decrease in branch size of the dendritic structure. A crystallographic study of the Ag-Cu dendrite catalysts demonstrated the formation of Ag and Cu co-deposits, while a compositional characterization confirmed the presence of a Cu-rich surface. Among the synthesized dendrite catalysts, the Agno dendrite catalyst achieved the highest CO faradaic efficiency of 64.6% at a constant potential of -1.7 V-scE in CO2-saturated 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte. However, the catalytic activity of Ag57Cu43 dendrite catalyst was 2.2 times higher than that of the Agwo dendrite catalyst, in terms of Ag mass activity. By controlling the composition of Ag and Cu, direct formation of syn-gas or enhancement in the mass activity to CO production was achievable. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.cej.2016.04.037
the high activity and selectivity for HCOOH production was attributed to the synergy effects of exposed Cu (111) facets and carbon substrate&&composite&&Solid-state synthesis of Cu nanoparticles embedded in carbon substrate for efficient electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to formic acid Electrochemical reduction of CO2 into formic acid (HCOOH) is an appealing approach to mitigate the CO2 emission problem and achieve a carbon-neutral cycle but remains a challenge. Herein, we present a novel strategy to prepare Cu nanoparticles embedded in carbon substrate (Cu NPs@C) as efficient CO2 reduction reaction electrocatalysts for highly selective HCOOH production. The uniformly distributed Cu nanoparticles are responsible for the high faradaic efficiency of HCOOH of 78% at -1.0 V (RHE) and yield of 82.8 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2) at -1.2 V (RHE). Moreover, the detailed density functional theory (DFT) calculations have demonstrated that the high activity and selectivity for HCOOH production was attributed to the synergy effects of exposed Cu (111) facets and carbon substrate. The charges transferred from Cu induces a charge-rich environment on the carbon surface, which enhances the *OCHO adsorption and boosts the HCOOH formation. This work paves a new way to synthesize novel Cu-based electrocatalysts for efficient production of HCOOH. Doi:10.1016_j.cej.2020.125879
atomically dispersed &&atomic level dispersion&&Construction of atomically dispersed Cu-N-4 sites via engineered coordination environment for high-efficient CO2 electroreduction Although considerable progress has been achieved by Cu nanoparticles for catalyzing CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), Cu single atom catalysts (Cu SACs) are generally suffered from inferior performance to that of widely investigated Fe, Co, Ni SACs. This phenomenon mainly ascribes to the lack of effective geometry and electronic engineering of copper active center from an atomic level. Herein, highly exposed atomically dispersed Cu-N-x (x denotes Cu-N coordination number) sites anchored on 3D porous carbon matrix are successfully synthesized through facile one step thermal activation, and Cu-N-4 sites exhibit boosted activity and selectivity compared to its nearly inert Cu-N-3 counterparts. Aided by density functional theory (DFT) calculations, the edge-hosted Cu-N-4 moieties are revealed as key active sites for efficient CO generation via optimized local coordination environment and electronic properties, which strongly interact with *COOH intermediate and facilitate the desorption of *CO. As a result, Cu-N-4 catalyst achieves high CO Faradaic efficiency (FECO) of over 90% from - 0.6 to -1.1 V vs. RHE with a maximum value of 98%, surpassing the previously reported Cu SACs for CO2-to-CO conversion. This work provides new insight into proper Cu SACs design and fundamental mechanism understanding to boost CO2RR. Doi:10.1016_j.cej.2020.126842
high roughness factor and rich lattice defects &&defect&&Copper-indium hybrid derived from indium-based metal-organic frameworks grown on oxidized copper foils promotes the efficient electroreduction of CO2 to CO This work reports a novel and effective method for the preparation of the copper-indium bimetallic electrocatalysts by the in situ growth of indium-based metal organic frameworks on oxidized copper foils as the precursor. Compared with the oxide-derived copper and the copper-based carbon material derivative grown in situ on oxidized copper foils, the as-prepared copper-indium electrocatalyst with a self-supporting structure, high roughness factor and rich lattice defects exhibits a superior CO Faradaic efficiency of 95% and good stability for the 36-h potentiostatic test at -0.6 V versus a reversible hydrogen electrode. Density functional theory calculations indicated that the indium atoms occupying the surface copper vacancy defects show lower free energy needed for the formation of *COOH and more difficult desorption of *H than indium atoms, supported on the perfect copper surface. Thereby, the copper-indium catalyst promotes CO2 electroreduction to CO and strongly inhibits hydrogen evolution. Doi:10.1016_j.cej.2021.128718
incorporating post-transition species with Cu-based materials&&structure control&&Directionally maximizing CO selectivity to near-unity over cupric oxide with indium species for electrochemical CO2 reduction CO2 reduction reaction (CO2 RR) is one of the most promising approaches to alleviating greenhouse gas effect and simultaneously producing value-added chemicals and has been widely studied in recent years. To this end, a composite of indium species on CuO (InOx@CuO) was facilely synthesized for CO2RR, and it is found that the selectivity of the target product could be accurately tuned through incorporating post-transition species with Cu-based materials; the desirable Faraday efficiencies of over 90%, with a maximum value of 97.8%, toward CO formation were achieved in a wide potential window from -0.3 to -0.7 V. Moreover, a high CO partial current density of 7.2 mA cm(-2) and a long-term stability of 50 h with negligible degradation were obtained over InOx@CuO. More importantly, CO starts to be observed at an ultralow potential of -0.196 V, further confirming the excellence of InOx@CuO for CO2RR toward CO formation. The results demonstrate that the achieved superiority derives from the essential In species on CuO, which not only introduces more active sites, but also better stabilizes the key intermediates, accelerates electron transfer and increases CO2 adsorption. Doi:10.1016_j.cej.2021.131654
The better performance was mainly attributed to the unique prism feature as it provided abundant corner- and edge-based low-coordinated active reaction sites&&structure control&&Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to formate via nano-prism assembled CuO microspheres Electrochemical reduction of CO2 has been demonstrated as one of the promising technologies to reduce the greenhouse effect. In this study, nano-prism assembled hierarchical CuO microspheres (Prism-CuO) were designed and used for CO2 electroreduction. The Prism-CuO coated gas diffusion electrode showed high activity for CO2-to-formate conversion with overpotential as low as -200 mV, and achieved maximum faradaic efficiency of 65.1% at -1.6 V vs. Ag/AgCl. Moreover, it maintained the stable performance for continuous 20 h of electrolysis. The better performance was mainly attributed to the unique prism feature as it provided abundant corner- and edge-based low-coordinated active reaction sites. These sites could further arouse strong local-electric field to lower the barrier of CO2 adsorption and motivate CO2 activation by accelerating charges transfer process. The result implied designing the nanoprism constructed hierarchical framework would be an efficient strategy to develop the advanced electrocatalyst for efficient CO(2 )reduction in aqueous solution. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.chemosphere.2019.124527
the impregnation of Cu2O on MWCNTs affects the structural and electronic properties of the electrode, which in turn improves both the activity and stability of the catalyst&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to methanol over MWCNTs impregnated with Cu2O This study evaluated the reduction of CO2 to methanol in the presence of effective and stable MWCNTs impregnated with Cu2O. A preliminary DFT study shows that the incorporation of Cu2O in MWCNTs improves the electronic properties of the electrocatalyst. The surface morphology and structural interaction between Cu2O and MWCNTs at different Cu2O loadings (10-50 wt%) were characterized by SEM, TEM, EDX, XRD, BET, TGA, and Raman spectroscopy. Characterization results show that the Cu2O particles are incorporated at defect sites in the MWCNT matrix. However, higher lodgings (40 and 50 wt%) result in the agglomeration of Cu2O particles and crystallite size growth. Electrochemical evaluation of the catalyst for CO2 reduction was conducted in a two-component polycarbonate electrochemical cell. Linear sweep voltammetry results show that the 30% Cu2O-MWCNTs catalyst gives the highest current density in the entire potential range, and a faradaic efficiency of 38% was achieved at -0.8 V for the reduction of CO2 to methanol. The study shows that the impregnation of Cu2O on MWCNTs affects the structural and electronic properties of the electrode, which in turn improves both the activity and stability of the catalyst as confirmed by chronoamperometry. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.ces.2016.06.035
highly ordered Cu nanosheets&&structure control&&HKUST-1-derived highly ordered Cu nanosheets with enriched edge sites, stepped (211) surfaces and (200) facets for effective electrochemical CO2 reduction A novel electrode composed of Cu nanosheets constructed from nanoparticles was synthesized by in situ electrochemical derivation from the metal-organic framework (MOF) HKUST-1. The prepared derivative electrode (HE-Cu) exhibited higher Faradaic efficiency (FE, 56.0%) of electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2R) compared with that of pristine Cu foil (p-Cu, 32.3%) at an overpotential of -1.03 V vs. a reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). HE-Cu also exhibited lower onset potential of CO2R as well as inhibiting the H-2 evolution reaction. Electrochemical measurements revealed that HE-Cu exhibited higher CO2 adsorption (1.58-fold) and a larger electrochemical active surface area (1.24-fold) compared with p-Cu. Physicochemical characterization and Tafel analysis showed that stepped Cu (211) surfaces, (200) facets and Cu edge atoms on HE-Cu contributed significantly to the enhanced CO2R activity and/or HCOOH and/or C-2 product selectivity. The FEs of HCOOH and C-2 products for HE-Cu increased 1.57-fold and 10.6-fold at an overpotential of -1.19 V vs. RHE compared with p-Cu. Although CH4 was produced on p-Cu, its formation was totally suppressed on HE-Cu due to the increase of edge sites and (200) facets. Our study demonstrates that electroreduction of MOFs is a promising method to prepare novel and stable electrochemical catalysts with unique surface structures. The fabricated derivative electrode not only promoted electrochemical CO2R activity but also exhibited high C-2 product selectivity. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.chemosphere.2021.130408
C3N4/(Co(OH)(2)/Cu(OH)(2) showed superior performance with electrocatalytic activity more than three times of C3N4/(Co/Co(OH)(2). &&composite&&Synthesis of hydroxide nanoparticles of Co/Cu on carbon nitride surface via galvanic exchange method for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction into formate Herein we report Co and Cu based metal hydroxides (Co(OH)(2)/Cu(OH)(2)) on carbon nitride (C3N4) surface via replacement of Co nanoparticles (NPs) through galvanic exchange method for electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction. The lower value of reduction potential in case of cobalt ([Co+(aq) + 2e(-) -> Co(s)], -0.28 eV) compared to copper ([Cu2+(aq) +2 e(-) -> Cu(s)], +0.34 eV) makes Co(0) easily susceptible to galvanic exchange process. On the basis of this significant difference in the reduction potential of Cu(0) and Co(0), 0.62 V, Cu2+ can replace Co(0) via galvanic exchange without using any external bias. The synthesis of (Co(OH)(2)/Cu (OH)(2)) involves two steps, where in the first step on surface of C3N4, Co NPs were synthesized via reducing of Co2+ ions with a strong reducing agent NaBH4. In presence of aqueous medium, formation of cobalt hydroxide also takes place. In the second step these cobalt nanoparticles on C3N4 were subjected to the process of galvanic exchange in which the sacrificial Co NPs were exchanged by Cu atoms and forming Cu(OH)(2) in presence of an aqueous medium. Overall, the whole synthesis process results in deposition of hydroxides of cobalt and copper (C3N4/(Co(OH)(2)/Cu(OH)(2)) on C3N4 surface. The synthesized materials were characterized using PXRD, EDS, XPS, TEM and SEM. The two electrocatalysts C3N4/(Co/Co(OH)(2) C3N4/(Co(OH)(2)/Cu(OH)(2) were evaluated for their performance towards carbon dioxide reduction. C3N4/(Co(OH)(2)/Cu(OH)(2) showed superior performance with electrocatalytic activity more than three times of C3N4/(Co/Co(OH)(2). The product of CO2 electro-reduction was identified, using a rotating ring disc electrode (RRDE) system, to be primarily formate. Doi:10.1016_j.colsurfa.2020.124835
Bimetallic CuBi nanoparticles are demonstrated as electrocatalytical active centers.&&composite&&Interface interaction in CuBi catalysts with tunable product selectivity for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction Multi-componential catalyst design is an important strategy to boost electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (ECO2RR) performance. There still lacks an effective binary catalyst design to create an alternative opportunity of tuning the desiring product formation. Herein, we report a facile synthetic method of CuO/Bi (OH)3 anchored on carbon nanotubes (CNTs) by the two-step chemical hydrolysis in alkaline ethanol solution for ECO2RR. Bimetallic CuBi nanoparticles are demonstrated as electrocatalytical active centers. By varying the Cu: Bi atomic fraction, we report for the first time to tune the ECO2RR products selectivity from CO to formate. At -0.99 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), CuBi-#4 (YBi = 9.1%) and CuBi-#8 (YBi = 19.2%) exhibit the tunable CO and formate Faradaic efficiency (FE) as 60% and 96%, respectively, surpassing the monometallic counterpart in selectivity and activity. Small amount of Bi dramatically alters the catalytic behavior of Cu in CuBi-#4 by stabilizing the *COOH and weakening the binding strength of *CO to improve CO2-to-CO conversion. By further increasing Bi content, the CO2RR pathway is switched from *COOH to *OCHO, giving rise to a pronounced formate selectivity in CuBi-#8. This work highlights a new type of bimetallic catalyst to achieve the tunable products by fine composition design for the development of advanced catalyst and knowledge of mechanism. Doi:10.1016_j.colsurfa.2021.127637
 fibrous Cu electrode surface&&structure control&&Formation of Cu nanostructured electrode surfaces by an annealing-electroreduction procedure to achieve high-efficiency CO2 electroreduction An effective fibrous Cu electrode surface, created using a procedure combining high-temperature annealing and electroreduction, is explored for CO2 reduction to produce useful fuels. The nanostructure of this Cu electrode surface contains a layer of nanofibers or nanofibers surrounded by kernels with 30-100 nm diameters. With a specific surface area as high as 458 cm(2) per geometric electrode surface area, this nanostructured electrode is found to have a high activity toward CO2 reduction, indicated by its more positive reduction potentials and higher catalytic current density than a smooth Cu electrode. The Faradaic efficiency for HCOO- production is 43%, and the electrode surface remains stable during 19 h of electrolysis - better results than with smooth Cu under identical conditions. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.elecom.2013.10.023
nanostructured&&structure control&&Electrochemical and FTIR spectroscopic study of CO2 reduction at a nanostructured Cu/reduced graphene oxide thin film Here we report a facile approach to synthesize a novel nanostructured thin film comprising Cu nanoparticles (NPs) and reduced graphene oxide (rGO) on a glassy carbon electrode (GCE) via the direct electrochemical reduction of a mixture of cupper and graphene oxide (GO) precursors. The effect of the applied potential on the electrochemical reduction of CO2 was investigated using linear sweep voltammetric (LSV) and chronoamperometric (CA) techniques. Carbon monoxide and formate were found as the main products based on our GC and HPLC analysis. The electrochemical reduction of CO2 at the Cu/rGO thin film was further studied using in situ ATR-FTIR spectroscopy to identify the liquid product formed at different applied cathodic potentials. Our experimental measurements have shown that the nanostructured Cu/rGO thin film exhibits an excellent stability and superb catalytic activity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 in an aqueous solution with a high current efficiency of 69.4% at -0.6 V vs. RHE, promising for the efficient electrochemical conversion of CO2 to valuable products. Doi:10.1016_j.elecom.2017.07.006
introducing crystal defects&&defect&&A strategy to eliminate carbon deposition on a copper electrode in order to enhance its stability in CO2RR catalysis by introducing crystal defects Cu is the only electrocatalyst that converts CO2 into appreciable quantities of hydrocarbons. However, it usually suffers from poor catalytic stability. In this work we propose a strategy of introducing crystal defects to change the reaction pathway and avoid accumulation of carbon on the Cu electrode surface, thus preventing its deactivation. Our experimental results show that carbon accumulation vanished and catalytic stability improved after crystal defects had been introduced into nano Cu electrodes. The correlation between the two rules: (1) crystal defects facilitate C2H4 formation while suppress CH4 generation; (2) crystal defects improve catalytic stability, reveals that the C2H4 formation pathway bypasses the carbon deposition associated with CH4 formation and results in stable catalytic performance. In particular, the Cu catalyst prepared according to this principle performed with good stability for 6 h almost without any change in Faradaic efficiency. This work may provide a new approach to stable CO2RR catalysis by managing the reaction pathway. Doi:10.1016_j.elecom.2019.04.001
The Cu-CeOx interface produced using this method offers synergistic geometric and electronic effects which optimize the adsorption strength of reaction intermediates for the electroreduction of CO2 to CO.&&composite&&Synergistic Cu/CeO2 carbon nanofiber catalysts for efficient CO2 electroreduction The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2RR) has attracted enormous interest because of the energy crisis and climate change; however, more efficient catalysts are required for practical applications. Herein, we present electrospinning as a facile strategy to synthesize a three-dimensional network of carbon nanofibers embedded with Cu and CeOx nanoparticles (Cu/CeOx@CNFs) as a CO2RR catalyst. The Cu-CeOx interface produced using this method offers synergistic geometric and electronic effects which optimize the adsorption strength of reaction intermediates for the electroreduction of CO2 to CO. In a flow cell configuration, a current density of 100 mA cm(-2) and a CO faradaic efficiency of 59.2% can be obtained at -0.60 V vs. RHE. Doi:10.1016_j.elecom.2020.106716
the structure of the copper electrodeposits has a major effect on the electrochemical conversion of CO2&&structure control&&Electrochemical conversion of CO2 to C2 hydrocarbons using different ex situ copper electrodeposits The electrodeposition of copper on copper electrodes was used to increase the copper active surface area available for the electrochemical conversion of CO2 to C-2 hydrocarbons and to study the dependence of the reaction on the electrode structure. Different electrodes were developed with dendritic, honeycomb and 3D foam structures and were employed for the reduction process at -1.9 V vs. Ag/AgCl in the presence of KHCO3 0.1 mol dm(-3). The hydrocarbons C2H4 and C2H6 are formed in the presence of honeycomb-like and foam structures, whilst CH4 formation is suppressed and it was concluded that the structure of the copper electrodeposits has a major effect on the electrochemical conversion of CO2. Additionally, it was found that the less negative the cathodic potential applied (in the range of -1.5 to -1.9 V vs. Ag/AgCl), or the lower the electrolyte concentration (0.03 vs. 0.1 mol dm(-3)), the greater is the increase in the amount of ethane. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2013.04.015
hierarchical copper oxide (CuXO) nanosphere&&structure control&&Highly-active copper oxide/copper electrocatalysts induced from hierarchical copper oxide nanospheres for carbon dioxide reduction reaction Novel hierarchical copper oxide (CuXO) nanosphere particles are synthesized, and then coated onto gas diffusion layer (carbon) to form a working electrode for catalyzing CO2 electroreduction. When applying a negative voltage to the working electrode, the metal Cu nanoparticles which are induced by the CuXO nanospheres appear. CuXO and metal Cu together form the CuXO/Cu nanocatalysts which show high catalytic activity for CO2 electroreduction. The morphology, composition, crystal structure and surface area of the CuXO/Cu electrocatalysts are characterized using scanning electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. The CuXO/Cu nanoparticles are tested as the catalysts for CO2 electroreduction using cyclic voltammetry and linear sweep voltammetry in CO2-saturated 0.5 M KHCO3 aqueous electrolyte. It is found that the CO2 electroreduction activity is highly improved using this CuXO/Cu nanocatalyst, which remains stable during 20 h of electrolysis, along with the high selectivity with a similar to 62% of Faradaic efficiency for formate production. Detailed kinetic information relevant to the catalysis is also discussed. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2014.09.147
Cu layers prepared by underpotential deposition induced charge transfer from Pd to Cu and a downward shift of the average d-band center of the catalyst relative to the Fermi level.&&composite&&Electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction on copper-modified palladium nanoparticles synthesized by underpotential deposition For the efficient and stable electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2), we fabricated bimetallic catalysts composed of palladium (Pd) nanoparticles covered with copper (Cu) atomic layers. While a monometallic Pd nanoparticle catalyst has high activity toward the reduction of CO2 to formate, it has been reported to be readily subjected to self-poisoning by carbon monoxide (CO), which is produced as a minor byproduct of CO2 reduction. Cu layers prepared by underpotential deposition induced charge transfer from Pd to Cu and a downward shift of the average d-band center of the catalyst relative to the Fermi level. As a result, the Cu-modified Pd catalyst demonstrated improved CO tolerance and an increase in Faradaic efficiency for formate production without sacrificing CO2 reduction activity. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2017.01.171
Graphene (GN)/ZnO/Cu2O&&composite&&Graphene/ZnO/Cu2O electrocatalyst for selective conversion of CO2 into n-propanol In this work, Graphene (GN)/ZnO/Cu2O electrodes were fabricated and tested for CO2 electroreduction in 0.5 M NaHCO3 electrolyte. The XRD, FESEM, and XPS results confirm the successful synthesis of the Cu(I) oxide and ZnO composites at low temperature 34 degrees C, using simple wet-chemical approach. Linear sweep voltammetry and potentiostatic experiments were carried out for the GN/ZnO/Cu2O catalyst coated on Cu foil. In CO2 saturated electrolyte, the cathodic current density of the catalyst shows significant increase from similar to 4 mA/cm(2) for GN/ZnO to similar to 8 mA/cm(2) for GN/ZnO/Cu2O at similar to 1.8 V vs. Ag/AgCl, and the largest current density value was obtained for catalyst with a ZnO/Cu2O weight ratio of 1:2. The CO2 electroreduction on the GN/ZnO/Cu2O catalyst mainly produced n-propanol in the liquid product fraction. The maximum Faradaic efficiency for CO2 conversion to n-propanol was 30% (similar to 1.34 ppm) for GN/ZnO/Cu2O (with a ZnO/Cu2O weight ratio of 2:1) at an applied potential of similar to 0.9 V vs. Ag/AgCl. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2017.05.185
The Cu nanostructured electrode shows much higher current density than polycrystalline Cu. &&structure control&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 on core-shell Cu/Au nanostructure arrays for syngas production Electrocatalytically converting CO2 to hydrocarbons is a very attractive way to use the excess electricity generated from renewable energies. In this paper, we report the electrochemical reduction of CO2 based on Cu nanowire arrays. The Cu nanostructured electrode shows much higher current density than polycrystalline Cu. By sputter coating a thin layer of Au on the Cu nanowires, the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO can exceed 30%. At an overpotential of 540 mV with respect to the formation of CO, the Cu/Au core-shell nanowire array electrode catalyses the formation of syngas, a very useful gas mixture, with a stable CO/H-2 ratio. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2017.04.019
 copper-modified boron-doped diamond&&composite&&The electrochemical production of C-2/C-3 species from carbon dioxide on copper-modified boron-doped diamond electrodes We report on the first observation of the production of C-2/C-3 species from the electrochemical reduction of CO2 at the surfaces of copper-modified boron-doped diamond (Cu-BDD) electrodes in aqueous media at room temperature and ambient pressure. The product distribution is dependent on the amount of deposited Cu and the applied potential. At low potential, 1.0 V (vs. Ag/AgCl), ethanol was observed as the main product with acetaldehyde and acetone as side products. The highest faradaic efficiencies obtained for ethanol, acetaldehyde and acetone were 42.4%, 13.7% and 7%, respectively. The Cu particles on the surfaces of the BDD electrodes remained stable, showing insignificant differences after the CO2 electroreduction process under these particular conditions. The efficiency dropped with increasing Cu deposition time and at high reduction potentials. Moreover, we present comparisons with a Cu plate and Cu-modified glassy carbon as working electrodes under the same conditions, which explains the specific behavior of the CO2 reduction process on the Cu-BDD electrode. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.02.041
alloy &&alloy&&CO2 electroreduction at AuxCu1-x obtained by pulsed laser deposition in O-2 atmosphere AuxCu1-x thin films were synthesized by pulsed laser deposition (PLD) and their electrocatalytic properties towards CO2 reduction in aqueous solution were assessed. The presence of an O-2 atmosphere during the PLD process modified the chemical nature of the resulting AuxCu1-x films, with different oxide types identified by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. The impact of these oxides, and of the Cu/Au stoichiometry, on the partial current density and conversion efficiency were assessed. The formation of AuxCu1-x alloy thin films and/or the introduction of an O-2 atmosphere during deposition does not yield to any marked increase of the formation of carbonaceous compounds, and CO and H-2 were the only two products formed, along with formate detected in trace amounts (< 1%). Oxide-derived Au catalysts obtained by PLD under O-2 atmosphere do not alter CO2 selectivity towards CO formation. High copper content catalysts deposited in vacuum exhibit the lowest overall CO FE%, while increasing the Au content enhances it. The same trend is observed for AuxCu1-x catalysts deposited under 2 and 220 mTorr O-2, aside from the fact that increasing Cu content under high O-2 pressure has a less negative influence on CO FE%. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2017.06.010
alloy&&alloy&&A catalyst based on copper-cadmium bimetal for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO with high faradaic efficiency Electrochemical reduction carbon dioxide (CO2) can produce value-added chemicals such as carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon. However, the sluggish kinetic process and complex reaction routes of CO2 electro-reduction reaction (CO2RR) largely limit the conversion efficiency and products selectivity. Herein, a Cu2Cd/Cd/Cu bimetallic catalyst by imbedding Cd bulks onto Cu substrate surface was designed and applied for the CO2RR. This catalyst presents good conductivity and selectivity toward the CO2RR. Particularly, the catalyst shows CO conversion faradaic efficiency of 84% with a current density of 8 mA cm(-2) at -1.0 V vs. RHE in CO2-saturated 0.1 M KHCO3 solution. Detailed investigation has revealed that the electrocatalytic capability of this catalyst can be attributed to the boundaries between Cu and Cd that could provide sufficient active sites for the CO2RR and the formation of Cu2Cd alloy that could enhance the binding energy between the catalyst and the intermediate. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.03.156
nanoparticles&&structure control&&Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide on copper-based nanocatalysts using the rotating ring-disc electrode A continuous hydrothermal flow synthesis method was used to produce copper(I) oxide nanoparticles, which were used as an electrocatalyst for the reduction of CO2. A rotating ring-disc electrode (RRDE) system was used to study the electroreduction processes, including a systematic study (including quantitative NMR analysis) to identify product species formed at the disc and detected at the ring. In 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte with a pH of 7.1, carbon dioxide was found to be exclusively reduced to formate. In the potential range -0.5 to -0.9 V vs the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), an active material/ glassy-carbon disc electrode was shown to produce formate, with a maximum Faradaic efficiency of 66% (at -0.8 V vs RHE). (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.07.025
nanoporous &&structure control&&Electrochemical training of nanoporous Cu-In catalysts for efficient CO2-to-CO conversion and high durability Electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction into valuable chemicals is usually implemented at high overpotential, and most bimetallic catalysts suffer from the dramatic evolution of surface composition especially in case of long-term operation. In this work, as a proof-of-concept experiment, one effective protocol is first identified to drive the positive evolution of surface contents on nanoporous Cu-In by electrochemical training in KHCO3 electrolyte. Interestingly, superior performances including high selectivity for CO production and robust reliability are realized. Thus, Faradaic efficiency can approach the maximum of 91% at -0.95 V (vs. RHE), and an excellent durability can be simultaneously testified by no detectable performance decay for 7 h in operation. More importantly, current investigation paves a new road for designing bimetallic electrocatalysts with high selectivity and long-term durability. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.10.175
Nanostructured&&structure control&&Nanostructured Ag/In/Cu foam catalyst for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO A nanostructured Ag/In/Cu foam is prepared by a facile electrochemical method and evaluated as a catalyst for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO. The electrodeposited In is partially displaced by Ag to investigate the catalytic CO-producing activity of Ag/In catalyst with different composition of Ag and In, which is easily controlled by adjusting the displacement time of Ag. In order to provide a large electrochemical surface area, we then employ bubble-templated Cu foam as a roughened metal support for the Ag/In catalyst. The Ag/In/Cu foam catalyst exhibits notable performance to other previous catalysts, in terms of CO Faradaic efficiency and partial current density, especially in low overpotential region. The result is ascribed to the suppressed hydrogen evolution by In and morphological advantage by Cu foam. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.11.101
a stepwise synthesis method to prepare CuO nanoflake @Co3O4 nanowire composite nano-arrays &&composite&&Surface modification of CuO nanoflake with Co3O4 nanowire for oxygen evolution reaction and electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 in water to syngas Transition metal oxides with hierarchical structures that grow on conductive substrates directly, which have been considered as promising catalysts for electrochemical catalysis. In this study, we used a stepwise synthesis method to prepare CuO nanoflake @Co3O4 nanowire composite nano-arrays (denote as CuO/Co3O4 composite), which show an excellent electrochemical performance. In the oxygen evolution reaction (OER), the CuO/Co3O4 composite shows lower overpotential of 450 mV at the current density of 50 mAcm(-2) and a smaller Tafel slope of 42 mV dec(-1) in KOH solution (1 M, pH = 13.7). In the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction, the prepared CuO/Co3O4 composite showed better CO selectivity in KHCO3 aqueous solution (0.1M, CO2 saturated), the corresponding Faradaic efficiency of CO product reached 35.4%, and the product ratio of H-2 to CO was controlled by changing the potential values. The synthesis strategy reported here opens a way for designing high-performance electrodes for electrochemical catalysis and also provides new ideas for the construction of overall reaction (CO2 + H2O -> CO + O-2). (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2018.12.183
isolated Cu NP clusters&&atomic level dispersion&&Metal-organic framework-mediated strategy for enhanced methane production on copper nanoparticles in electrochemical CO2 reduction Conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to useful chemicals is considered a potential solution to resolve the climate threat. In this study, a facile metal-organic framework (MOF)-mediated strategy to obtain an efficient electrocatalyst for the synthesis of methane (CH4) is suggested. Cu-based MOF-74 was chosen as the precursor, which was electrochemically reduced to obtain Cu nanoparticles (NPs). The porous structure of the MOF serves as a template for the synthesis of isolated Cu NP clusters with high catalytic activities and high efficiencies for the CH4 production in the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction. The MOF-derived Cu NPs demonstrate high Faradaic efficiency (>50%) for the CH4 production with suppressed C-2 production, and 2.3-fold higher methanation activity at -1.3 V (vs. RHE) compared to the commercial Cu NPs. (c) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.03.101
 the size of Cu2O can be controlled by adjusting the concentration of Cu2+&&structure control&&Interface-induced controllable synthesis of Cu2O nanocubes for electroreduction CO2 to C2H4 Electroreduction CO2 to high value-added chemicals is a promising way to mitigate the greenhouse effect while storing the renewable electricity in chemicals. As an important chemical, C2H4 is a desirable product of CO2 reduction but limited by lacking of efficient and durable catalysts. Herein, we proposed an interface-induced method to prepare Cu2O nanocubes with controllable morphology and size. Due to the imidazolyl groups connected to the surface of ionic liquid functionalized graphite sheets (ILGS), Cu2O nanocubes were induced to grow on ILGS to obtain Cu2O/ILGS composites, where the size of Cu2O can be controlled by adjusting the concentration of Cu2+. Interestingly, as the concentration of Cu2+ increases from 12.5 mmol/L to 100 mmol/L, the size of Cu2O nanocubes decreases from 456 nm to 72 nm. As catalyst for CO2 electroreduction in 0.1 M KHCO3 aqueous solution, Cu2O/ILGS-100 (synthesized under 100 mmol/L CuCl2) behaves the best catalysis performance with a high faradic efficiency of C2H4 (31.1%) and long durability at -1.15 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode). (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.03.146
 copper sulfide nanoparticles&&structure control&&Decoration of N-functionalized graphene nanoflakes with copper-based nanoparticles for high selectivity CO2 electroreduction towards formate The present electrocatalyst consists of copper and copper sulfide nanoparticles dispersed on graphene nanoflakes (GNFs), a stack of 5-20 highly crystalline graphene layers having typical side lengths of 100 by 100 nm. Plasma-based functionalization is used for adding covalently bonded nitrogen sites on the surface of the GNFs to a level of up to 2 at%. The catalyst nanoparticles are synthesized through wet chemistry, where graphene and a copper sulfate salt are mixed in a solvent and dried prior to pyrolysis under inert atmosphere at 700 degrees C. The amount of copper added to the carbon support is well controlled through this method, and is comprised between 20 and 50 wt%. Tests made towards the electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide show these catalysts generate a faradaic efficiency of up to 42.5% toward liquid products at -0.6 V vs RHE, with a high selectivity for formate. The performance of the catalysts is mostly driven by the amount of the copper sulfide phase rather than the metallic copper content, and competes with similar catalysts found in the literature for a fraction of the metal content. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.06.074
 the in-situ formation of Cu2O from the redox active centre present in La2CuO4&&structure control&&Electrochemical insights into layered La2CuO4 perovskite: Active ionic copper for selective CO2 electroreduction at low overpotential La2CuO4, a layered perovskites oxide was synthesized using solution combustion method at different calcination temperatures. XRD characterization and Rietveld refinement analysis confirms the pure phase of the synthesized material. The effect of calcination causes shrinking in the lattice parameters affirm the change in the oxygen stoichiometry. Four Probe (Van der Pauw's) and CP-AFM analysis were carried out to understand the influences of calcination temperature on electrical conductivity. Electrochemical investigations on La2CuO4 were performed at various negative potential ranges using cyclic voltammetry (CV) to identify the redox active centre. Thermodynamic calculations are further carried out to validate the electrochemical results in different mediums. Selective electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 to C-2-hydrocarbon (C2H4) with FE% of 40.3% which is 10 times higher than CH4 (FE% = 4.1%) emphasized the in-situ formation of Cu2O from the redox active centre present in La2CuO4. Hydrocarbons are generated at a very low overvoltage (-0.4 V RHE) in comparison to literature. XPS analysis indeed confirms the presence of Cu+ species i.e., in-situ generated Cu2O, on La2CuO4 after CV and CO2 electrocatalysis. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.134952
Cu (II) centres&&atomic level dispersion&&Double bridged mu(2)-Halide Cu (II) complexes for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 Two dicopper (II) complexes of general formula [CuLX2](2) {L = 2, 5-diphenyl-3, 4(2-pyridyl) cyclopenta-2, 4-dien-1-one, X = Cl (1) or Br (2)} have been synthesized and characterized by elemental analysis, IR, UV-Vis spectroscopic methods. The crystal structures of both complexes have been determined by single-crystal X-ray diffraction; 1 and 2 have binuclear structures and Cu (II) centres in both complexes adopt a distorted square pyramidal geometry. Two [CuLX] (X = Cl or Br) units in both complexes are linked via mu-X coordination bridge modes with the Cu-Cu distances of 3.534 and 3.716 angstrom for 1 and 2 respectively. The electrochemical behaviour of the free L ligand and the corresponding Cu (II) complexes was studied in acetonitrile. The cyclic voltammetry of the complexes 1 and 2 show three ligand based reduction processes and two metal-centred reductions that are assigned to copper (II) to copper (I) and copper (I) to copper (0). The electrocatalytic activity for the reduction of CO2 of the two complexes was investigated; both complexes are active for the CO2 reduction and result in the formation of CO. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.134675
nanostructured self-supporting Cu electrodes &&structure control&&Copper oxide derived nanostructured self-supporting Cu electrodes for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide Due to their unique activity towards formation of alcohols and hydrocarbons, copper (Cu) based catalysts have been widely used in the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (ERCD). Cu foam naturally possesses three-dimensional (3D) porous structure and catalytically active Cu elements, exhibiting very good catalytic ability for ERCD. Herein, nanostructured self-supporting Cu electrodes with Cu foam as the substrate, with progressive morphologies of nanowires (CuNW), nanosheets (CuNS) and nanoflowers (CuNF), are in-situ prepared by simply adjusting the reaction time in a strongly alkaline oxidizing solution. It is found that the performance and products distribution of ERCD are affected by both the morphology of the as prepared nanostructured self-supporting Cu electrodes and the electrolyte species. As electrode micromorphology evolves from nanowire to nanoflower, the initial electrode potential required for C-2 products generation shifts to more positive values. The CuNS electrode shows the highest Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 86.9% at -0.4 V (vs. RHE) and superior performance, owing to its nanosheet morphology that can better stabilize the intermediate state products. Moreover, both total FE and products distribution are affected by the electrolyte anion species. The highest total FE in the investigated electrolyte on CuNS electrode obeys the following order: KHCO3 (86.9%, -0.4 V (vs. RHE)) > KCl (54.7%, -0.5 V (vs. RHE)) > KH2PO4 (1.0%, -0.9 V (vs. RHE)). In 1.0 mol L-1 KHCO3, the CuNS electrode shows a very complex products distribution; in 1.0 mol L-1 KCl, the products distribution can be feasibly controlled by the applied potential; while in 1.0 mol(-1) L KH2PO4, ERCD is almost totally suppressed by hydrogen evolution reaction (HER). It is the first time that the CuNS electrodes are applied for ERCD with low cost, simple synthesis, easy scale-up and high activity. Combined with the flexible control ability in FE and products distribution, CuNS electrode possesses great potential for the industrial application of ERCD. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.135083
cuprous oxide (Cu2O) nanocatalysts&&structure control&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to methanol with synthesized Cu2O nanocatalyst: Study of the selectivity The selectivity of a particular product over possible multiple products and their quantitative distribution in the electrochemical reduction of CO2 has been investigated. The generation of products and the said distribution depend on the various methods and materials like catalysts, electrodes, electrolytes, selectively proton permeable membrane used in the reduction process, numbers of available hydrogen ions at the cathodic catalytic surface and its adsorption characteristics on the catalysts surface dispersed on the cathode. Copper (Cu) and cuprous oxide (Cu2O) nanocatalysts have been synthesized and characterized by X-ray Diffraction (XRD), Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM), and Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscopy (FESEM) for finding the differences in their surface characteristics in order to explain the selectivity of product in their use as catalysts. The efficacy of the reduction process with the synthesized catalysts is studied in the customized electrolytic cell. Methanol is selectively produced by using Cu2O nanocatalyst as a cathode in an aqueous electrolyte, potassium bicarbonate (KHCO3), whereas methane and ethylene are formed predominantly with Cu nanocatalysts. The cathodic potential applied to the electrolytic cell with Cu2O as a catalyst on the cathode is optimized at -2.0 V vs. SHE for both the methanol selectivity and also for the minimization of undesired hydrogen evolution. The maximum faradaic efficiency of 47.5% for methanol at a maximum current density of 7.8 mA cm(-2) is obtained with a sustained current density of 5.6 mA cm(-2) at a run time of 50 min. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.135053
Cu nanoparticles deposited on CNT&&composite&&Cu nanoparticles deposited on CNT by supercritical fluid deposition for electrochemical reduction of CO2 in a gas phase GDE cell Climate change has turned into one of the most important concerns for scientist in the last years due to the huge increase of CO2 concentration in the atmosphere in the last century. Electrocatalytic reduction seems to be a very promising technology to help to reduce industrial CO2 emissions. The development of catalysts capable of activating the CO2 molecule is the main challenge of this technology. In this work a copper supported on carbon nanotubes (Cu/CNT) catalyst has been synthesized using supercritical fluid deposition (SFD) and assembled into a polymer electrolyte membrane (PEM) type cell to carry out the electrochemical reduction of CO2. The influence of current density, temperature and CO2 flowrate has been analysed and results have been compared with those previously obtained with Pt/CNT and Pb/CNT catalysts synthesized by SFD. The CO2 reduction rate and the products distribution attained with the three catalysts have been analysed. CO has been the main reaction product attained with the Cu/CNT catalyst developed in this work, followed by small amounts of formic acid and methane. This can be considered the main difference observed in relation with Pt or Pb based catalysts that promote the production of formic acid as main reaction product. CO2 conversion rate increases with temperature and CO2 flowrate and is much higher than that attained when using Pt or Pb based catalysts in the same experimental conditions (up to 27 times higher depending on the experimental conditions). (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2020.135663
 the potential synergistic interactions between Cu (0) (from Cu NPs) and Cu-N-x sites have promoting effects on both ORR and CO2RR&&structure control&&ZIF-derived bifunctional Cu@Cu-N-C composite electrocatalysts towards efficient electroreduction of oxygen and carbon dioxide A Cu@Cu-N-C composite electrocatalyst with metallic Cu NPs and Cu(II)-N-x species embedded into the carbon matrix was pyrolyzed from ZIF-8 precursor through the formation of Cu(OH)(2)@ZIF-8. The optimal Cu@Cu-N-C catalyst obtained at 1000 degrees C features a hollow polyhedral morphology, which is resulted from the carbothermal reaction of in-situ generated Cu2O and ZnO with carbon beyond 800 degrees C. The best-performance Cu@Cu-N-C exhibits an impressive catalytic bifunction towards oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) and carbon dioxide reduction (CO2RR) which is assumed to be imparted by the unique Cu(0)Cu(II)-N-x active sites. In alkaline electrolyte, it shows the ORR performance (E-1/2 = 0.83 V vs RHE) comparable to Pt/C (E-1/2 = 0.85 V vs RHE), and the assembled zinc-air (Zn-air) battery displays an excellent durability with the open circuit voltage (1.23 V) decaying only by ca. 4.2% in 80 hat 20 mA cm(-2). For CO2RR, it also delivers an outstanding catalytic performance converting CO2 into CO with a high Faradaic efficiency (90% at -0.5 V vs RHE). Control experiments have indicated that the potential synergistic interactions between Cu (0) (from Cu NPs) and Cu-N-x sites have promoting effects on both ORR and CO2RR. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2019.135273
mesoporous&&structure control&&Significant role of reconstructed character on CuO-derived catalyst for enhanced electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products Developing high efficient electrocatalysts for converting CO2 to value-added chemicals and fuels, especially multicarbon products with higher energy density, has been intensively pursued for in electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2 RR) progress. Here, mesoporous CuO nanostructures were obtained by a two-step synthetic method and used as the catalyst for CO2RR with the presence of iodine anions. At -1.0 V vs. RHE in 1.0 M KI, the total Faradaic efficiency (FE) of C-2 reduction products approaches the maximum of nearly 60%. Our controlled experimental results reveal that the reconstructed small crystalline Cut nanoparticles play significant roles in promoting the selectivity towards C-2 products, which was attributed to the stabilization of Cu(+)by I- anion and exposure of abundant unsaturated coordinated sites of Cu+ on the reconstructed surface. Our findings provide a new insight on the crucial role of surface reconstruction for the high FE of C-2 products. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2020.136753
high activity and notably improved CO selectivity of Au-Cu bimetallic NPs can be attributed to the heterometallic coordination and their electronic interactions.&&alloy&&Electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide on gold-copper bimetallic nanoparticles: Effects of surface composition on selectivity In this work, bimetallic nanoparticles (NPs) of Au and Cu are synthesized for the electrochemical reduction reaction of CO2 (CO2RR). It is known that the binding strength between the reduction intermediates and the electrocatalyst affects the selectivity of products, but how to correlate the performance with the surface composition, structure, and properties of a bimetallic electrocatalyst, instead of stoichiometric or bulk composition remains less discussed. AuCu and AuCu3 NPs with the size around similar to 8 nm were prepared. By excluding the size effect, the work studies the effects of surface composition and heteroatomic interaction on the selectivity and faradaic efficiency of the reduction products. Based on X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS), one can quantify the alloying extent and surface compositions of electrocatalysts, which are supposed to have the pivotal effects on the reaction pathways and the corresponding reduction products. It is found that high activity and notably improved CO selectivity of Au-Cu bimetallic NPs can be attributed to the heterometallic coordination and their electronic interactions. The reduction products were analyzed by gas chromatography and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Nearly 60 mA cm(-2) of current density was recorded at -0.91 V vs. RHE, and selectivity of 78 +/- 4.3% CO was obtained using AuCu. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2020.136756
 nanowire structure&&structure control&&Enhancement of the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to methanol and suppression of H-2 evolution over CuO nanowires A highly efficient copper-catalyst (noble-metal free) was developed for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ERCO2) to methanol. Due to the nanowire structure of the catalyst, a remarkable ERCO2 selectivity was achieved, while the competing H-2 evolution reaction (HER) was significantly suppressed for the overall range of potential tested. The developed copper-catalyst (CuO NWs) outperforms the single metal Cu-catalysts in aqueous environment. Under atmospheric conditions, methanol was produced at an overpotential of 410 mV with a faradaic efficiency (FE) of 66%, and 1.27 x 10(-4) mol m(-2) s(-1) of production yield; which represents a 6.7% improvement over the previously reported value of 1.19 x 10(-4) mol m(-2) s(-1). Interestingly, when the developed CuO NWs was used as a gas diffusion electrode (GDE) in a filter-press cell (more real industrial configuration), methanol remained as the major ERCO2 product with the same FE (66%). (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2020.137207
composition-dependent performance&&structure control&&Cu3PdxN nanocrystals for efficient CO2 electrochemical reduction to methane Developing catalysts with high faradaic efficiency and durability for advanced products is a critical issue for ensuring commercial application of CO2 electrochemical reduction reaction. In this study, a series of Cu3PdxN nanoparticles are developed by one-pot organic phase synthesis and the composition-dependent performance for CO2 electrochemical reduction reaction is systematically investigated. The highest faradaic efficiency towards methane generation can reach 57.5% on Cu3Pd0.62N nanoparticles at -1.25 V vs the reversible hydrogen electrode. Moreover, the high faradaic efficiency of methane can be maintained during the 4 h continuous electrolysis. Our results indicate that the appropriate content of Pd could enhance the selectivity of methane and improve the stability of the catalysts. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.137793
This perturbation of the surface electronic structure of the CuPd/C nanoparticles leads to the lowering of the bonding strength of key adsorbate species for both the formate oxidation and electrochemical CO2 reduction, which increased the catalytic activity toward both reactions.&&alloy&&Study of carbon supported CuPd alloy nanoparticles with Pd-rich surface for the electrochemical formate oxidation and CO2 reduction Carbon supported copper-palladium alloy nanoparticles (CuPd/C) with Pd-rich surface synthesized via the adsorbate induced surface segregation method were tested toward both the electrochemical oxidation of formate into electricity and CO2, and the reduction of CO2 to produce formate. An upshift of the d-band center and opposite binding energy shifts of Cu and Pd core levels were experimentally observed using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). This perturbation of the surface electronic structure of the CuPd/C nanoparticles leads to the lowering of the bonding strength of key adsorbate species for both the formate oxidation and electrochemical CO2 reduction, which increased the catalytic activity toward both reactions. Amongst the different compositions of CuxPd1-x/C, the 20:80 molar% of Cu:Pd concentration shows an important improvement toward formate oxidation (FO) compared to the other CuxPd1-y compositions and the monometallic Pd. On the other hand, CuxPd1-x/C catalyst with the 60:40 molar% of Cu:Pd concentration shows the highest faradaic efficiency for the electrochemical CO2 reduction toward the formate production. Therefore, by selecting a bimetallic CuxPd1-x/C alloy that (1) optimizes the formate oxidation current density and (2) the faradaic efficiency of the electrochemical reduction of CO2 into formate, a novel sustainable and regenerative power source (i.e., combining a direct formate fuel cell and a CO2 reduction unit into a single regenerative energy system) could be developed. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.138531
CuSe/g-C3N4 heterostructure&&composite&&Dual 2D CuSe/g-C3N4 heterostructure for boosting electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 CO2 Reduction Reaction (CO2RR) is an effective route to convert CO2 to value-added products in energy and environment. In this work, a series of CuSe/g-C3N4 electrodes were synthesized by anchoring hexagonal CuSe nanoplates on g-C3N4 nanosheets and used for electrochemical CO2 RR. Among the as-prepared electrodes, 50wt% CuSe on g-C3N4 performed the highest Faradaic efficiency of 85.28% to achieve 1.47 times higher than that of the pure CuSe NPs at -1.2 V vs. RHE due to the larger specific area provided by the introduction of planar-structure g-C3N4 NSs and faster electron transfer speed on the interface of CuSe NPs and g-C3N4 NSs. Meanwhile the calculations of density functional theory confirmed the electronic coupling on the electrodes to form an internal electric field between two materials and electron direction from g-C3N4 NSs to CuSe NPs. This work created a novel opportunity for optimizing design of electrode materials to enhance the CO selectivity of CO2RR. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.138766
porous copper nanospheres (P-Cu) that greatly improved the C-C coupling process by enriching *CO intermediates in the pore structure.&&structure control&&Intermediate enrichment effect of porous Cu catalyst for CO2 electroreduction to C2 fuels Electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction reaction (CO2RR) to obtain C-2/multi-carbon fuels is an appealing technology to reduce carbon emission and store intermittent renewable electricity. The C-C coupling process, as the most critical step for generating C-2/multi-carbon fuels, strongly depends on the concentration of *CO intermediates around the active sites. In this work, we prepared porous copper nanospheres (P-Cu) that greatly improved the C-C coupling process by enriching *CO intermediates in the pore structure. The specific pore features of P-Cu were characterized in detail by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and nitrogen adsorption/desorption tests. Obviously, the P-Cu exhibits higher specific surface area and richer pore structure than the control sample compact copper nanosphere (C-Cu). The CO gas sensor and temperature programmed desorption (TPD) tests prove that the P-Cu has better CO adsorption and enrichment capacity than C-Cu due to the rich pore structure. As a result, P-Cu exhibited a high C-2 selectivity with a Faradaic efficiency (FEC2) of 57.22% at-1.3 V ( vs . RHE), which is about 2.5-fold than the C-Cu (FEC2 of 22.71%). This work provides an effective strategy to improve the activity and selectivity of C-2 products in CO2RR by optimizing the adsorption/enrichment property of intermediates. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.138552
oxide based Cu and Zn bimetallic catalyst&&composite&&Electrochemical reduction of CO2 using oxide based Cu and Zn bimetallic catalyst Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (ERCO2) driven by non-conventional sources of energy is a favorable approach to generate closed loop CO2 cycle. It will reduce CO2 emissions by lowering CO2 levels in the atmosphere and converting it into high-energy-density carbon-based fuels like alcohols and hydrocarbons. Monometallic copper based catalysts are largely reported for ERCO2 to a variety of industrially important carbon products. But, challenges such as high over potential, uncontrollable product selectivity, and catalyst deactivation inhibit their progress. Oxide derived bimetallic CuZn x electrocatalysts have been suggested as alternatives for achieving high selectivity for different valuable products. In this study, the co-precipitation approach has been used to prepare CuO with various quantities of ZnO dopants. HRTEM, FESEM, XRD, and XPS were used to conduct detailed morphological and elemental studies on the electrode. The electrochemical performance was measured using H-type electrochemical cell in aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 electrolyte. The evaluation of different CuO-ZnOx (where x=5, 10, 15 and 20 wt.%) catalysts for ethanol productivity and Faradaic efficiency are of particular importance. Amongst studied electrocatalysts, the highest Faradaic efficiency of 22.27 % was obtained for ethanol using CuO-ZnO10 at -0.80 V (vs RHE) with the production rate of about 121 mu mol h(-1) L-1. The optimized electrode (CuO-ZnO10) shows long term stability for at least 12 h. Post characterization of the catalyst was also conducted to obtain an insight into the active sites, which indicated that CO2 reduction took place on reduced oxide sites (i.e. metallic sites) rather than metal oxides. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.138988
Cu3P, with predominant [00I] facet exposure&&structure control&&CO2 electro-reduction on Cu3P: Role of Cu(I) oxidation state and surface facet structure in C-1-formate production and H-2 selectivity We report the catalytic activity and mechanism of copper(I) phosphide, Cu3P, with predominant [00I] facet exposure for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) to formic acid. Crystalline nanosheets of this compound that show a preferential [00I] facet orientation exhibit undiminished CO2 RR activity after 16 hours with full retention of crystal structure and surface chemical speciation and no detectable corrosion. In contrast to the range of products formed on Cu metal, CuO, and Cu2O, the CO2RR on Cu3P [00I] produces mainly hydrogen and formate as the sole carbon product in KHCO3 electrolyte. Analysis of the Cu3P [00I] facet by HAADF-STEM was used to determine the surface lattice structure, while both XPS and Auger spectroscopies were used to determine the surface chemical speciation from the kinetic energies of ionized electrons. The presented analysis identifies isolated trigonal CuP3 sites on the Cu3P[00I]-Cu3P3 terminated surface and the Cu(I) oxidation state as precursor to the active catalyst. The CO2 RR selectivity to formate and the higher turnover rate for H-2 production on the [00I] facet allows a structure-activity analysis and chemical mechanism to be proposed. Formation of a surface hydride at isolated *H-CuP3 sites is proposed as the catalytic site in forming both H-2 and formate, while the long Cu-Cu separation retards forming C-C coupling products. These results disprove previously published claims of Cu(I) oxidation state as a sufficient criterion to promote CO2RR to C2+ products, show that stronger bonded hydrides, *H-CuP3 on Cu3P, favor production of the Cl product formate over all other carbon products, and predict that stronger formate binding (bidentate) is needed for CO2RR currents to compete with H-2 production. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier Ltd. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.138889
The catalyst with nanowires less than 2.3 mu m&&structure control&&The length dependent selectivity on aligned Cu nanowires for C1 products from CO2 Electroreduction The development of selective and efficient catalysts is essential if practical application of CO2 electroreduction is to be realised. The C1 products CO and formate are two of the economically viable products generated from this technique. In this work, we report an aligned copper oxide derived nanowires catalyst with tunable selectivity for producing CO or formate in aqueous media. The catalyst with nanowires less than 2.3 mu m converts CO2 to CO with a high CO/formate ratio of 2.52, while formate is the dominant product on longer nanowires (>= 2.7 mu m) with a low CO/formate ratio of 0.63. Good selectivity of 63% for CO and 52% for formate are achieved on 2.3 mu m and 2.7 mu m nanowire catalysts respectively at a modest overpotential of 690 mV. The length dependent product selectivity is correlated to the surface structure and local pH environment which may affect the formation of intermediates and the pathways towards products. This work highlights how product selectivity is dependent on the length of Cu NWs used during the CO2 electroreduction. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.139099
longer nanowires (>= 2.7 mu m)&&structure control&&The length dependent selectivity on aligned Cu nanowires for C1 products from CO2 Electroreduction The development of selective and efficient catalysts is essential if practical application of CO2 electroreduction is to be realised. The C1 products CO and formate are two of the economically viable products generated from this technique. In this work, we report an aligned copper oxide derived nanowires catalyst with tunable selectivity for producing CO or formate in aqueous media. The catalyst with nanowires less than 2.3 mu m converts CO2 to CO with a high CO/formate ratio of 2.52, while formate is the dominant product on longer nanowires (>= 2.7 mu m) with a low CO/formate ratio of 0.63. Good selectivity of 63% for CO and 52% for formate are achieved on 2.3 mu m and 2.7 mu m nanowire catalysts respectively at a modest overpotential of 690 mV. The length dependent product selectivity is correlated to the surface structure and local pH environment which may affect the formation of intermediates and the pathways towards products. This work highlights how product selectivity is dependent on the length of Cu NWs used during the CO2 electroreduction. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.electacta.2021.139099
Porous tin-based film deposited on copper foil&&structure control&&Porous tin-based film deposited on copper foil for electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to formate Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) has been studied using a Sn/Cu electrode as the cathode in aqueous KHCO3 solution. The Sn/Cu electrode has been prepared by electrodeposition a Sn-based film on a Cu foil from a sodium citrate aqueous electrolyte containing SnCl2. Here, we have explored the effects of the deposition time, the thickness of the Sn-based film and the electrolysis potential on the faradaic efficiency for producing formate. The results demonstrate that maximum faradaic efficiency of 91.5% is obtained at -1.8 V vs. Ag/AgCl on the Sn/Cu electrode possessing a similar to 325 nm thick Sn-based film which is prepared by electrodeposition for 15 min. The Sn/Cu electrode has big current density and excellent catalytic activity for CO2 reduction compared with the Sn electrode. Copyright (c) 2015, Hydrogen Energy Publications, LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.ijhydene.2015.11.100
the pyridinic-N in NRGO was supposed to behave synergistic effect with Cu2O, leading to a clearly improvement of activity and durability of Cu2O for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethylene&&composite&&N-doped reduced graphene oxide supported Cu2O nanocubes as high active catalyst for CO2 electroreduction to C2H4 Electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction (CO2RR) to high value-added chemicals is a promising technology to address greenhouse effect and energy challenges. As ethylene is a desirable product of CO2RR with great economic value, herein, we proposed a facile method to in situ loading cuprous oxide (Cu2O) nanocubes on nitrogen doped reduced graphene oxide (NRGO) to fabricate a Cu2O/NRGO composite under ambient conditions, which exits a high faradaic efficiency of ethylene (19.7%) at -1.4 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode) with stable current density of 12 mA cm(-2). The mass activity of Cu2O supported on NRGO towards C2H4 formation reaches as high as 136.1 mmol h(-1) g(-1), which is more than 24-folds of pristine Cu2O.SEM images reveal that Cu2O with perfect cubic morphology are highly dispersed on NRGO, promoting the exposure of active sites for CO2RR. Additionally, the pyridinic-N in NRGO was supposed to behave synergistic effect with Cu2O, leading to a clearly improvement of activity and durability of Cu2O for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethylene. Our work provides a useful strategy to enhance the catalytic performance of copper catalysts for CO2RR by using nitrogen doped carbon materials as supports. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jallcom.2019.01.142
Cu nanowires (NWs) bridged Bi nanosheets (Cu NWs-Bi NSs) arrays&&structure control&&Cu nanowire bridged Bi nanosheet arrays for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction toward formate Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 can not only reduce its concentration in atmosphere but also produces useful fuels and value-added chemicals like CO, CH4, and HCOOH, which has been considered as a promising means to resolve both environmental and energy problems. Recent studies showed that bismuth (Bi) in aqueous solution can electrocatalytically reduce CO2 to formic acid. However, individual Bi when used as electrocatalyst still suffers from low efficiency of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to formate. Considering that copper (Cu) has good conductivity and feature of empty half 4s level that can behave as an electron donor or acceptor, here we synthesized Cu nanowires (NWs) bridged Bi nanosheets (Cu NWs-Bi NSs) arrays grown on carbon cloth through facile electrochemical routes. The as-obtained electrocatalysts showed larger partial current density and better selectivity for CO2RR to fomate than pristine Bi NSs. The enhanced electrocatalytic activity and improved selectivity could be attributed to improved charge transfer and electronic effect incurred by Cu NWs. The present work provides a new strategy for designing nanostructured electrocatalysts for highly efficient CO2RR. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jallcom.2020.155789
the Cu2O/ZnO electrodes are expected to catalyze the CO2 electroreduction for over 20 h.&&composite&&Cu2O-loaded gas diffusion electrodes for the continuous electrochemical reduction of CO2 to methanol Gas-diffusion electrodes are prepared with commercial Cu2O and Cu2O-ZnO mixtures deposited onto carbon papers and evaluated for the continuous CO2 gas phase electroreduction in a filter-press electrochemical cell. The process mainly produced methanol, as well as small quantities of ethanol and n-propanol. The analysis includes the evaluation of key variables with effect in the electroreduction process: current density (j=10-40 mA cm(-2)), electrolyte flow/area ratio (11)1=1-3 ml min-1 cm-2) and CO2 gas flow/area ratio (Q.g/A = 10-40 ml min(-1) cm(-2)), using a 0.5 M KHCO3 aqueous solution. The maximum CO2CO2 conversion efficiency to liquid-phase products was 54.8% and 31.4% for Cu2O and Cu2O/ZnO-based electrodes at an applied potential of-1.39 and-1.16 V vs. Ag/AgC1, respectively. Besides, the Cu2O/ZnO electrodes are expected to catalyze the CO2 electroreduction for over 20 h. These results may provide new insights into the application of gas diffusion electrodes to alleviate mass transfer limitations in electrochemical systems for the transformation of CO2 to alcohols. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcat.2015.11.014
The strong performance of CL-Cu NEs was ascribed to the synergism between the coral-like morphology and abundant Cu(1 0 0)/Cu(1 1 1) interfaces&&structure control&&Dynamic restructuring induced Cu nanoparticles with ideal nanostructure for selective multi-carbon compounds production via carbon dioxide electroreduction Production of multi-carbon (C2+) products via electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) has aroused intensive interest in this decade. However, it is still a great challenge in large-scale synthesis of electrocatalysts for C2+ compounds production with high selectivity and rate in neutral electrolyte. In this study, a robust and scalable aqueous synthesis method was proposed to prepare CuO nanosheets, which was directly used as CO2RR electrocatalyst. The catalyst underwent dynamic restructuring during the pre-reduction stage, which significantly changed the morphology, crystalline structure and electrochemical properties of the catalyst. As a result, the pristine CuO nanosheets gradually evolved to corallike Cu nanoparticle ensembles (CL-Cu NEs). In 0.1 M KHCO3 at -1.1 V vs. RHE, the CL-Cu NEs exhibited a faradaic efficiency and partial current density of C2+ products of 72.1% and 25.2 mA cm(-2) respectively and no degradation was observed in 15 h running. In contrast to many Cu-based catalysts showing considerable C2+ products selectivity, the (sub)surface oxygen and Cu' species were unlikely to play a significant role in this study. The strong performance of CL-Cu NEs was ascribed to the synergism between the coral-like morphology and abundant Cu(1 0 0)/Cu(1 1 1) interfaces. This methodology may provide a cost-effective approach for large-scale preparation of CO2RR electrocatalysts with ideal nanostructure. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcat.2020.01.002
two Cu atoms are bridged by a halogen&&atomic level dispersion&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction improved by tuning the Cu-Cu distance in halogen-bridged dinuclear cuprous coordination polymers Cu dinuclear coordination polymers in which two Cu atoms are bridged by a halogen reduce CO2 to C-2 products. The distance between the two Cu atoms is expected to affect the C-C coupling reaction efficiency, herein we propose that a shorter Cu-Cu distance and desorption of bridging halogen elements from Cu atoms facilitate C-2 formation from experimental results and DFT calculations. In many previous studies, the influence of factors other than the organic ligands has been overlooked in the structural design of metal complexes. The C-2 product selectivity is greatly influenced by surrounding elements as well as organic ligands. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcat.2021.09.013
The high selectivity toward CO by Cu/CA-CO2-N-2-700 maybe attributed to their excellent stability in maintaining the metallic nature of Cu component within the hydrophobic carbon aerogels during electrocatalysis&&composite&&Electrochemical CO2 reduction on copper nanoparticles-dispersed carbon aerogels The conversion of CO2 into carbon-based fuels via electrochemical reduction is a promising approach to realizing the termination of carbon cycling. Copper (Cu-0) is considered to be an effective electrochemical catalyst for such purpose. However, it is limited by its instability and low selectivity. In this work, Cu2+ was embedded into a polycondensation structure of resorcinol (R) and formaldehyde (F) via sol-gel reaction, and the complex was then calcined at high temperature to obtain copper nanoparticles-dispersed carbon aerogels (Cu/CA). The samples were further activated sequentially under CO2 and N-2 atmosphere. The final products under different activation temperature of secondary N-2 atmosphere were obtained and marked as Cu/CA-CO2-N-2-T. The existence of highly dispersed Cu-0 on the carbon aerogels was confirmed by XPS and HRTEM, which exhibited attractive activity towards electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) forming carbon product in 0.1 M KHCO3 aqueous media. Furthermore, the CO2 RR product distribution varied under different samples. The sample activated under 700 degrees C (Cu/CA-CO2-N-2-700) with Cu loading c.a. 5.13 wt% showed remarkable CO faradaic efficiency (FE) (75.6%) at low overpotential of -0.49 V. Further calcination led to more exposure of copper, and CO dimerization to C2 product. The high selectivity toward CO by Cu/CA-CO2-N-2-700 maybe attributed to their excellent stability in maintaining the metallic nature of Cu component within the hydrophobic carbon aerogels during electrocatalysis, which further prevents the adsorption and reduction of CO on the catalyst. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2019.03.005
the synergism between surface Cu+ and Cu-0 in Cu@Cu2O contributed to boosting its efficiency and selectivity toward C-2 products.&&composite&&Selective carbon dioxide electroreduction to ethylene and ethanol by core-shell copper/cuprous oxide Developing an effective catalyst to reduce carbon dioxide (CO2) to value-added C2+ products is a key challenge for CO2 utilization. Here we report a core-shell copper with native oxide (Cu@Cu2O) catalyst featuring a thin native oxide layer on the surface grown under ambient conditions. The Cu(I) oxide species on Cu@Cu2O surface remained relatively stable against reduction under CO2 electroreduction condition, and the synergism between surface Cu+ and Cu-0 in Cu@Cu2O contributed to boosting its efficiency and selectivity toward C-2 products. This Cu@Cu2O catalyst achieved an excellent selectivity (similar to 50% at -1.0 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode) for C-2 (ethylene and ethanol) production. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2019.05.073
reating high-density grain boundaries and micron-strains inside CuO electrocatalysts&&structure control&&Fast cooling induced grain-boundary-rich copper oxide for electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction to ethanol Electrochemical CO2 reduction with rationally designed copper-based electrocatalysts is a promising approach to reduce CO2 emission and produce value-added products. Grain boundaries and micronstrains inside catalysts have been proposed as active catalytic sites, while the controlled formation of these sites has remained highly challenging. In this work, we developed a strategy of creating high-density grain boundaries and micron-strains inside CuO electrocatalysts by fast cooling with liquid nitrogen. Compared to samples with slower cooling rates, the fast cooled CuO showed clear difference in their crystal domain sizes, micro-strain densities, and the chemisorption capacities of CO2 and CO. This micro-strain-rich CuO electrocatalyst exhibited a high total current density over 300 mA.cm(-2), and an outstanding Faradaic efficiency for C-2 products (with a majority to ethanol) at similar to 1.0 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode. Our work suggests a facile approach of tuning grain boundaries and micro-strains inside Cu-based electrocatalysts to scale up electrochemical CO2 reduction for high value-added products. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2020.03.017
 the electrocatalytic activity of the Cu NCs was significantly enhanced by modification with N and Pd.&&structure control&&Regular Rational design of Cu3PdN nanocrystals for selective electroreduction of carbon dioxide to formic acid The selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 yields value-added products that are important renewable energy resources for carbon recycling. In this study, Cu3PdN nanocrystals (NCs) exhibited higher electrocatalytic activity for carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction to formic acid (HCOOH) than as-prepared Cu3N and Cu3Pd NCs. In addition, the reaction yielded small amounts of CO (<5%), H-2, and HCOOH as the main products, and the electrocatalytic activity of the Cu NCs was significantly enhanced by modification with N and Pd. This work demonstrates a simple and effective strategy for improving the electrochemical reduction of CO2. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2020.10.112
The introduction of In2O3 into Cu/C to form the CuIn2O3/C nanocomposite evidently enhances the electrocatalytic activity for the selective reduction of CO2 to CO.&&composite&&Highly selective and active Cu-In2O3/C nanocomposite for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CO The CuIn2O3/C nanocomposite was prepared by a simple solid-phase reduction method. The introduction of In2O3 into Cu/C to form the CuIn2O3/C nanocomposite evidently enhances the electrocatalytic activity for the selective reduction of CO2 to CO. Specifically, the CuIn2O3/C nanocomposite exhibits higher Faraday efficiency (FE = 86.7%) at -0.48 V vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) in the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CO and larger current densities (55 mA cm(2)) under a low overpotential (-1.08 V vs. RHE). These indicate its superior performance over many of the reported Cu-based catalysts [1-4]. It was also found that by rationally adjusting the applied potential, tunable syngas can be formed, which can be used to synthesize formic acid, methyl ether, methanol, synthetic fuels, or other bulk chemicals through appropriate industrial processes. Furthermore, the CuIn2O3/C nanocomposite maintains good stability in the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2. This work demonstrates a novel strategy to convert CO2 into desired products with high energy efficiency and large current density under low overpotential by the rational designing of non-precious metal catalysts. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2020.10.118
aerogel &&structure control&&Ag-Cu aerogel for electrochemical CO2 conversion to CO The current strategy of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (eCO(2)RR) to generate useful chemicals and hydrocarbons is supposed to effectively mitigate the greenhouse effect. The practical application for eCO(2)RR in aqueous solutions, however, still was encumbered by its high overpotential, low activity and poor selectivity due to CO2 mass transfer and intermediate stability. Electrocatalytic materials with reduced overpotential and high efficiency and selectivity are exploited for further development. Herein, Ag+ and Cu2+ precursors were co-reduced to generate Ag-Cu bimetallic aerogel after further freeze drying. Compared with Ag100 aerogel, the optimal Ag88Cu12 can effectively decrease overpotential, improve selectivity and current density, and keep electrochemical stability. At -0.89 V vs. RHE, the Faraday efficiency reached 89.40% and the CO partial current density of -5.86 mA cm(-2) was obtained. The intrinsic property of metal aerogel (hydrophobic, hierarchical porous structure, conductivity), presence of rich grain boundaries and geometric effect and the introduction of Cu leading to improvement of adsorption between the catalyst and the *COOH intermediate in Ag88Cu12, contribute to the enhanced performance. Furthermore, the strategy of constructing metal aerogel will improve metal catalyst performance towards eCO(2)RR and pave way for further industrial applications. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2021.03.120
The rich mesoporous structure and unique constitute of SF-Cu/CA-1 is conducive to exposed numerous active sites, fast electron transfer rate, and the desorption of *CO intermediate&&structure control&&Silk fibroin-derived carbon aerogels embedded with copper nanoparticles for efficient electrocatalytic CO2-to-CO conversion Metal-carbon matrix catalyst has attracted a great deal of interest in electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) due to its excellent electrocatalytic performance. However, the design of highly active metal-carbon matrix catalyst towards CO2RR using natural biomass and cheap chemical precursors is still under challenge. Herein, a self-assembly strategy, along with CO2 gas as acidifying agent, to fabricate silk fibroin (SF) derived carbon aerogels (CA) combining trace copper nanoparticles (SF-Cu/CA) is developed. Zinc nitrate was introduced as a pore-forming agent to further optimize the pore structure of the as-prepared catalysts to form SF-Cu/CA-1. The rich mesoporous structure and unique constitute of SF-Cu/CA-1 is conducive to exposed numerous active sites, fast electron transfer rate, and the desorption of *CO intermediate, thus leading to the electrocatalytic CO2RR of SF-Cu/CA-1 catalyst with an excellent current density of 29.4 mA cm(-2), Faraday efficiency of 83.06% towards carbon monoxide (CO), high the ratio value of CO/H2 (19.58), and a long-term stability over a 10-hour period. This performance is superior to that of SF-Cu/CA catalyst (13.0 mA cm(-2), FECO=58.43%, CO/H-2 = 2.16). This work not only offers a novel strategy using natural biomass and cheap chemicals to build metal-carbon matrix catalyst for electrocatalytic CO2-to-CO conversion, but also is expected to promote the industrial-scale implementations of CO2 electroreduction. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2021.05.054
CuBi bimetallic catalysts on derived copper foam&&structure control&&CuBi electrocatalysts modulated to grow on derived copper foam for efficient CO2-to-formate conversion Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to fuels and chemicals is an effective way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and alleviate the energy crisis, but the highly active catalysts necessary for this reaction under mild conditions are still rare. In this work, we grew CuBi bimetallic catalysts on derived copper foam substrates by co-electrodeposition, and then investigated the correlation between co-electrodeposition potential and electrochemical performance in CO2-to-formate conversion. Results showed that the bimetallic catalyst formed at a low potential of -0.6 V vs. AgCl/Ag electrode achieved the highest formate Faradaic efficiency (FEformate) of 94.4% and a current density of 38.5 mA/cm(2) at a low potential of -0.97 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Moreover, a continuous-flow membrane electrode assembly reactor also enabled the catalyst to show better performance (a FEformate of 98.3% at 56.6 mA/cm(2)) than a traditional H-type reaction cell. This work highlights the vital impact of co-electrodeposition potential on catalyst performance and provides a basis for the modulated growth of bimetallic catalysts on substrates. It also shows the possibility of preparing Bi-based catalysts with no obvious decrease in catalytic activity that have been partially replaced with more economic copper. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcis.2021.08.080
Cu2O/ZnO&&composite&&Methanol electrosynthesis from CO2 at Cu2O/ZnO prompted by pyridine-based aqueous solutions In this study, we examine the electrochemical-driven reduction of CO2 to methanol at Cu2O/ZnO gas diffusion electrodes in soluble pyridine-based electrolytes at different concentrations. The process is evaluated first by cyclic voltammetric analyses and then, for the continuous reduction of CO2 in a filterpress electrochemical cell. The results showed that the use of pyridine-based soluble co-catalysts lowered the overpotential for the electrochemical reduction of CO2, enhancing also reaction performance (i.e. reaction rate and Faradaic efficiency). Reaction outcome is discussed on the basis of the role that Nligands play on the mechanism and the inductive effect caused by the electron-releasing or electronwithdrawing substituents of the aromatic ring. In particular, the maximum methanol formation rate and Faradaic efficiency reached at the 2-methylpyridine (with electron-releasing substituents)-based system with a pH of 7.6 and an applied current density of j = 1 mA cm(2) were r = 2.91 mu mol m(2) s(1) and FE = 16.86%, respectively. These values significantly enhance those obtained in the absence of any molecular catalyst (r = 0.21 mmol m(2) s(1) and FE = 1.2%). The performance was further enhanced when lowering the electrolyte pH by adding HCl (r = 4.42 mu mol m(2) s(1) and FE = 25.6% at pH = 5), although the system showed deactivation in the long run (5 h) which appears largely to be due to a change in product selectivity of the reaction (i.e. formation of ethylene). (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.02.003
The nanoparticles assembled 1D structure provides a large amount of edge active sites and thus contributes to such a high electrocatalytic activity&&structure control&&High-activity Cu nanowires electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction The daunting challenge in electrochemical conversion of CO2 into carbon resource is to explore high-activity and high-selectivity electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Here, we report a water-bath route for tunable synthesis of a set of CuO nanostructures including nanowires (NWs), microsphere and nanoflake. The CuO NWs show a unique one-dimensional (1D) structure constructed by nanoparticles building block and manifest a significantly enhanced electrochemical surface area compared with the counterparts and the bulk CuO. Systematic electrochemical studies demonstrate the CuO NWs, as electrocatalyst of CO2RR, manifests a highly electrocatalytic activity, as demonstrated by reaching a current dentistry of 2 mA cm(-2) at a relative low onset potential and delivering a catalytic current density of up to 100 mA cm(-2) at -1.6 V. The nanoparticles assembled 1D structure provides a large amount of edge active sites and thus contributes to such a high electrocatalytic activity. Besides a small quantity of HCOOH, the major products of CO2RR are H-2, CO, with tunable ratio of H-2/CO in the range of 1.75: 1 to 2.75: 1 depending on the applied potential; such H-2/CO mixture product are potentially used for the syngas that are key feedstocks to produce a variety of liquid fuels in industry. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.05.002
porous&&structure control&&Selective CO2 electroreduction to C2H4 on porous Cu films synthesized by sacrificial support method A series of copper-based electrocatalysts were prepared by the Sacrificial Support Method (SSM) with variation of synthesis parameters. Thin films of the materials were evaluated for their electrocatalytic activities towards CO2 electroreduction to short-chain (C-1-C-2) hydrocarbons by standard electrochemical methods. Gas-phase reaction products were quantified using an online gas chromatography system. At -0.98 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), copper oxide-derived catalysts were found to have selectivity toward C2H4 approximately one order of magnitude higher than to CH4. The highest selectivity towards C2H4 production at -0.98 V was demonstrated by the catalyst with cube morphology, synthesized with 20 wt% Cu: 80 wt% SiO2 ratio in the precursor. Possible causes for this shift in selectivity are discussed in terms of the morphology and surface/core composition as determined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-Ray diffraction (XRD), and X-Ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.03.006
the surface roughness of copper foil&&structure control&&Effect of the surface roughness of copper substrate on three-dimensional tin electrode for electrochemical reduction of CO2 into HCOOH The tin electrode with three-dimensional (3D) porous structure was prepared using copper foil as the substrate by electrochemical deposition method for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 into HCOOH. The results indicate that the faradaic efficiency (FE) and the energy conversion efficiency (EE) of CO2 to HCOOH are dependent on the surface roughness of copper foil that can be controlled by the electropolishing time. The prepared 3D tin electrode on the smoothest Cu foil exhibits the highest FE (90%) and EE (50%) at -1.2 V (vs. RHE), which were 1.6 times those on the original copper foil. Meanwhile, the Sn loss ratio of this electrode in the electrochemical process is the lowest, showing good stability. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.07.012
The electrocatalytic activity of Cu/Cd composite electrode toward CO2 reduction was enhanced in comparison with pure Cu plate and Graphite-Paper/Cd (G-P/Cd) electrodes.&&composite&&The flaky Cd film on Cu plate substrate: An active and efficient electrode for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate Efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate was studied on a Cu/Cd composite electrode in 0.5 M KHCO3 aqueous solution, which was prepared by vacuum evaporation coating Cd film on the Cu plate substrate. The results showed that a novel flaky Cd film was deposited on the Cu plate substrate successfully. The performance of formate production on the Cu/Cd composite electrode was related to the electrolysis potential and the thickness of Cd film. The electrocatalytic activity of Cu/Cd composite electrode toward CO2 reduction was enhanced in comparison with pure Cu plate and Graphite-Paper/Cd (G-P/Cd) electrodes. The maximum Faradaic efficiency of 76.2% for formate production has been obtained with high stability and current densities of 10.6 mA cm(-2) at -1.8 V (vs. Ag/AgCl) on the composite electrode with depositing a similar to 300 nm thick Cd film on the Cu substrate. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.09.023
the electrode with Cu NPs prepared by NW route was the best in terms of average current and carbon productivity&&structure control&&Role of small Cu nanoparticles in the behaviour of nanocarbon-based electrodes for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 We report here an easy and scalable synthetic route for the preparation of Cu-based nanoelectrodes active in CeC coupling in the process of CO2 electrocatalytic reduction. Copper nanowires (NWs) are used as the precursor for the deposition of small Cu nanoparticles (NPs) onto commercial carbon nanotubes (CNTs), preliminarily activated with HNO3 to create oxygen functional groups on their external surface (o-CNTs). The Cu NWs, in contact with a suspension of o-CNTs in an ethanol-water mixture, transfer Cu fragments onto the o-CNTs. The result is a good dispersion of ultrafine Cu NPs (with an average size of less than 3 nm) preferentially deposited on the external part of the CNTs and evidencing a crystal phase structure of fcc (face-centered cubic) metal Cu(0). The catalytic active phase (Cu NPs/ CNTs) was assembled on a gas diffusion layer and tested in the electro-reduction of CO2, in presence of KHCO3 aqueous electrolyte and under a continuous flow of pure CO2. For comparison, an electrocatalyst synthesized by conventional impregnation route (leading to higher size Cu NPs on o-CNTs and CuO monoclinic phase structure) was also tested. Results showed that the electrode with Cu NPs prepared by NW route was the best in terms of average current and carbon productivity, giving threefold higher formic acid and methanol production with respect to the conventionally prepared Cu/CNT sample. Moreover, C-2-C-3 products (ethanol, acetic acid, isopropanol, acetone) were obtained, showing the possibility of CeC bond formation, probably due to the interfacial catalytic sites between the small Cu NPs and CNTs. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.08.008
Cu nanoparticles decorating reduced graphene oxide&&structure control&&Cu nanoparticles decorating rGO nanohybrids as electrocatalyst toward CO2 reduction Cu-based composites with different compositions and construction can seriously influence its electrocatalytic performance toward CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, we report a microwave-assistant route to prepare Cu nanoparticles decorating reduced graphene oxide (CuNPs/rGO) nanohybrids, which are characterized by a variety of techniques, demonstrating that Cu nanoparticles coupling with CuxO nanoparticles were uniformly anchored on the surface of rGO, as well as the existence of grain boundaries. The CuNPs/rGO composites are studied as electrocatalyst for CO2RR and show a favorable electrocatalytic activity toward CO2RR with an onset potential of -0.9 V, corresponding to about only 190 mv overpotential for CO generation. Besides with a small amount of HCOOH (< 5%), H-2 and CO are the main CO2 reduction products with a tunable ratio of from 1.16:1 to 6.38:1 by changing the applied potentials. The gaseous products with various ratio of H-2 to CO can be potentially used as syngas to produce more valuable products in industry. This work demonstrates a simple, facile and effective way to improve the electrocatalytic CO2RR performance of Cu-based composites. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2017.10.011
Cu/TiO2/NG nanocomposit&&composite&&Cu/TiO2 nanoparticles modified nitrogen-doped graphene as a highly efficient catalyst for the selective electroreduction of CO2 to different alcohols The construction of an efficient and robust catalyst for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide into energy-rich products has recently received considerable attention. Herein, a Cu/TiO2 nanoparticles modified nitrogen-doped graphene (Cu/TiO2/NG) carbon material is fabricated for the selective reduction of CO2 into different alcohols. We found the Cu/TiO2/NG nanocomposite across a range of potentials for the electroreduction of CO2 exhibits dual catalytic ability, possessing an outstanding ability to produce methanol (reaching a maximum faradaic efficiency of 19.5% at a potential of -0.20 V vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)) and a capability to produce ethanol (with a high faradaic efficiency up to 43.6% at -0.75 V vs. RHE). In addition, the Cu/TiO2/NG composite shows remarkable stability and reusability at both reductive potentials in the electrochemical process. The designed Cu/TiO2/NG composite may offer a new simple method based on earth-abundant metals to construct robust electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2018.01.021
Cu oxides/ZnO-based electrocatalytic surfaces&&composite&&Cu oxide/ZnO-based surfaces for a selective ethylene production from gas-phase CO2 electroconversion In this work, the application of Cu oxides/ZnO-based electrocatalytic surfaces for the continuous and selective gas-phase electroreduction of CO2 to ethylene in a filter-press type electrochemical cell is studied. The prepared catalytic materials are characterized by transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. Then, the Cu oxides/ZnO-based gas diffusion electrodes are electrochemically characterized by cyclic voltammetry and Tafel plot analyses. The ethylene formation rate and Faradaic efficiency are as high as 487.9 mu mol m(-2)s(-1) and 91.1% when a current density of 7.5 mAcm(-2) (-2.5 V vs. Ag/AgCl) is applied to the system, with an ethylene/methane production ratio of 139, showing a better performance than previous electrocatalytic systems for the production of ethylene from CO2 conversion. Consequently, the use of Cu oxides/ZnO-based electrocatalysts for gas-phase CO2 reduction is a step forward in the production of C2 products, such as ethylene. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.03.002
This denotes a synergic effect of Cu and Bi-based MOFs, associated with a favored interplay between the actives sites and reaction intermediates, prompting methanol formation and C-C coupling reaction to ethanol.&&composite&&Cu/Bi metal-organic framework-based systems for an enhanced electrochemical transformation of CO2 to alcohols This work assesses the performance of Cu(II) and Bi(III)-based metal-organic framework (HKUST-1 and CAU-17, respectively) blends into the electroreduction of CO2 to alcohols in a filter-press electrochemical cell. The bimetallic materials are supported onto porous carbon paper to form gas diffusion electrodes with a favorable continuous electrochemical conversion of CO2 to methanol and ethanol, together with formic acid and gas-phase products (i.e. hydrogen, carbon monoxide and ethylene) in a 0.5 M KHCO3 aqueous solution. The maximum reaction rates and faradaic efficiencies for CO2 conversion to methanol and ethanol are r(CH3OH) = 29.7 mu mol.m(-2).s(-1) (FE = 8.6%) and r(C2H5OH) = 48.8 mu mol.m(-2).s(-1) (FE = 28.3%), respectively, at j = 20 mA.cm(-2) which enhanced the values obtained at homometallic Cu and Bi-based materials independently. This denotes a synergic effect of Cu and Bi-based MOFs, associated with a favored interplay between the actives sites and reaction intermediates, prompting methanol formation and C-C coupling reaction to ethanol. The results also show that reaction selectivity to produce alcohols can be controlled by Cu/Bi loading in the electrode surface and current density applied to the system. A 12% bismuth content seems to be the optimum for the production of alcohols (FEalcohols = 36.9%, S-alcohols = 0.32). Regarding the current density, CO2 reduction is more selective to methanol with a j = 10 mA.cm(-2) (FECH3OH = 18.2%), while at j = 20 mA.cm(-2), ethanol becomes the dominant CO2 reduction alcohol (FEC2H5OH = 28.3%). The performance of the Cu/Bi-MOFs remains also pseudostable after 5 h of operation denoting the potential of the mixed metal-organic systems for the utilization of CO2. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.05.025
nanocomposite&&composite&&Syngas production from electrochemical reduction of CO2 at high current density using oxide derived Zn/Cu nanocomposite Reduction of CO2 in an electrochemical reactor may become a future technology for the production of syngas. This technology uses CO2 and water co-electrolysis and has the potential to produce variable CO/H-2 ratio, which can become feedstock for various processes. However, developing an electrocatalyst selective for ERC is a great challenge. Further, high current density and low overpotential are essential for the electroreduction of the ERC. In this paper, oxide derived Zn/Cu electrocatalysts with different concentrations of Cu is reported using facile wet chemical synthesis route for the tunable syngas production. Physico-chemical analysis of the electrocatalysts revealed that by varying the concentration of Cu into the oxide derived Zn/Cu composite, fraction of Cu distributed into the ZnO crystal and composite form can be tunned. This inturn generates a synergic effect and reduces the charge transfer resistance towards ERC. By controlling the Cu concentration in the oxide derived Zn/Cu electrocatalyst CO/H-2 ratio can be tunned over a wide range (0.84, 0.76, 0.25) at different current densities (20.4, 8.8, 37 mA/cm(2)). Oxide derived Zn/Cu electrocatalyst shows potential for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to syngas with tunnable CO/H-2 ratio by utilizing renewable energy. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.06.020
 The notable reactivity toward CO2 reduction achieved here can be ascribed to large electrochemically active surface area, enhanced CO2 adsorption, and low electron transfer resistance.&&composite&&Efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethanol on Cu nanoparticles decorated on N-doped graphene oxide catalysts Efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethanol is a promising approach for obtaining high-density renewable energy storage and relieving environment stress. In this paper, we report the highly efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethanol by using Cu nanoparticles decorated on pyridoxine modification graphene oxide sheets (GO-VB6-Cu) as robust electrocatalysts. CO2 was efficiently reduced to ethanol in 0.1M KHCO3 solution by using GO-VB6-Cu-2 catalyst at an overpotential as low as 0.140 V. The maximum Faradaic efficiency for ethanol formation of 56.3% was obtained at the potential of -0.250 V vs. the reversible hydrogen electrode. The resultant nanocomposite presented no degradation after approximately 24 h of continuous operation, demonstrating the pronounced stability of the electrode. The notable reactivity toward CO2 reduction achieved here can be ascribed to large electrochemically active surface area, enhanced CO2 adsorption, and low electron transfer resistance. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.07.014
dendritic-type Cu&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 over dendritic-type Cu- and Fe-based electrodes prepared by electrodeposition The identification of the role of nano-morphology of electrodes for the reduction of CO2, particularly in determining the selectivity towards > C1 products of reduction, is still a challenge. We show here for the first time how a dendritic-type nano-morphology and related fractal dimension plays a crucial role in determining the selectivity for electrodes based on Cu and Fe. The electrodes, prepared by electrodeposition of Cu or Fe on metal substrates (Cu, Ti, Al, Fe, Fe-Cr-Ni alloy) or carbon-based gas diffusion layers (GDL), were tested in a continuous flow cell at constant potential ( - 1.5 V vs. Ag/AgCl) or at the onset potential of the first cathodic peak determined by cyclic voltammetry. Results showed that the dendritic-type nano-morphology influences positively not only the activity to formic acid, but especially the selectivity to gas products (i.e. CH4 and CO) and to higher carbon-chain liquid products (i.e. ethanol, isopropanol, acetic acid) when smoother edges and denser surface sites are present. Tests at the onset potential show very high total carbon Faradaic efficiency (FE) for Fe electrodeposited on GDL and Ti (about 92-95%). The lowest onset potential ( - 0.3 V) is observed for Cu on GDL, showing over 80% total carbon FE and almost 60% FE to formic acid. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.09.017
Bi dendrites integrated into a Cu mesh substrate&&structure control&&Rapid and scalable synthesis of bismuth dendrites on copper mesh as a high-performance cathode for electroreduction of CO2 to formate Bi-based electrode is believed to be one of the promising cathodes for the electroreduction of CO2 to formate. However, it suffers from energy- and/or time-consuming preparation process and mass transfer limitation of the reactants. Here, we fabricated a novel networked Bi-based electrode by formed in situ from Bi dendrites integrated into a Cu mesh substrate via a facile replacement reaction with energy and time savings. The as-prepared electrode was directly used as a cathode for electroreduction of CO2 to formate without further treatment. It exhibits a formate Faraday efficiency of approximate to 100 %. Additionally, partial current density for formate is as high as 68.51 +/- 4.04 mA cm(-2). This performance outperforms other results obtained on Bi-based electrodes-even most gas-diffusion electrodes under similar conditions. The excellent performance seen here is most likely attributed to its large surface area and fast transport of the reactants. This originates from the Bi dendrites catalysts and the unique network structure of the Cu mesh substrate. This work offers a facile route to obtain an efficient and robust electrode for electroreduction of CO2 to formate, which makes it easy to scale up in industrial applications. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.11.017
Bi-MWCNT-COOH composite on Cu electrode&&composite&&Simply and effectively electrodepositing Bi-MWCNT-COOH composite on Cu electrode for efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to produce HCOOH Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to produce low-carbon chemicals/fuels is one of the most important approaches for CO2 emissions reduction and utilization. However, the insufficient catalytic activity, stability and selectivity of the electrocatalysts have been identified to be a major challenge. In this work, novel Bi-MWCNT-COOH/Cu catalysts are prepared via a facile co-electrodeposition technique on copper foil to obtain catalyst electrodes for selectively electro-catalyzing CO2 reduction to produce formic acid (HCOOH). The as-prepared electrodes exhibited high catalytic activity, stability and selectivity toward the production of HCOOH. The faradaic efficiency for HCOOH production can reach values up to 91.7 % at -0.76 V vs. RHE, with no obvious degradation after 12 h of continuous electrolysis. The proposed electrodeposition technique to produce composite catalyst electrodes is characterized by simplicity, rapidity, and cost-effectiveness, being promising for scaled-up industrial applications. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.12.003
the architecturally arranged CuO/Cu composite catalysts of the CuO/Cu-4:3@BC electrode offer unique structural advantages of good ion and charge transport, promoting the catalytic kinetics for the conversion of CO2 to CO.&&composite&&In-situ growth of CuO/Cu nanocomposite electrode for efficient CO2 electroreduction to CO with bacterial cellulose as support Bacterial cellulose (BC) with large surface area and hydrophilic surface property is considered to be a good potential porous substrate for the deposition of active materials for catalysis, but lacks electrical conductivity for desired electrocatalysis application. By applying an in-situ chemical reduction, we here report a self-standing, BC-supported catalyst electrode of highly dispersed Cu and CuO nanocomposites (CuO/Cu-4:3@BC) for catalyzing efficient CO2 electroreduction to CO. The inherent three-dimensional web-like porous structure of the BC substrate is sustained without further carbonization of the electrode. Compared to the conventional carbon paper-supported CuO/Cu composite catalysts, the as-prepared CuO/Cu-4:3@BC electrode demonstrates an outstanding charge transport property and higher current density for CO2 reduction, owing to superiority of the web-like porous structure of the BC substrate with more accessible active sites to electrolytes and faster transfer of reactants and products. Therefore, the architecturally arranged CuO/Cu composite catalysts of the CuO/Cu-4:3@BC electrode offer unique structural advantages of good ion and charge transport, promoting the catalytic kinetics for the conversion of CO2 to CO. The resulting electrode affords CO with a faradaic efficiency of 53 % at a small overpotential of 490 mV, and a durable activity over 40 h. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2019.12.009
 This catalyst exhibits high C2H4 partial current density and production rate at a low overpotential benefiting from the stepped surface and the modified electronic structure by Cu vacancies&&defect&&Efficient electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide into ethylene boosted by copper vacancies on stepped cuprous oxide Electrochemical carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction powered by renewable energy source is a promising strategy for the sustainable carbon cycle, while the selectivity toward C2+ products is still a great challenge. Herein, a novel stepped cuprous oxide catalyst with abundant Cu vacancies (Cu-v-Cu2O catalyst) is developed to enhance the selectivity and efficiency of CO2 conversion toward C-2 products. This catalyst exhibits high C2H4 partial current density and production rate at a low overpotential benefiting from the stepped surface and the modified electronic structure by Cu vacancies. Furthermore, density functional theory calculations demonstrate that the Cu vacancy-enriched Cu2O surface ensures strong adsorption to *COH but weak affinities to *CO and *CH2 intermediates, which promotes CO2 electroreduction to C2H4 products. The enhanced selectivity of C2H4, accompanied with the Cu vacancies and Cu+ species, can remain stable during the long-term test. This study will provide guidance on designing efficient electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction towards hydrocarbon products. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.01.018
Dendritic copper microstructured electrodeposits&&structure control&&Dendritic copper microstructured electrodeposits for efficient and selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide into C1 and C2 hydrocarbons Here, we report synthesis of copper microstructures-based electro-catalyst with controlled morphologies and crystallinity via a rudimentary simple and green electrochemical dissolution method. The variations in the growth pattern of the dendritic shaped Cu microstructures were studied to understand the evolution of Cu dendrites with respect to several electrolysis parameters viz. applied bias voltage, concentration of organic additives, i.e. L-ascorbic acid, and electrolysis time and temperature. We show that these microstructures demonstrate efficient and selective electrochemical conversion of CO2 into CO along with methane and ethane from CO2-saturated moistened di-methyl sulfoxide (DMSO) electrolyte solution. Our results establish that the selectivity for C1 or C2 hydrocarbons (methane or ethane) as a major product can be tuned systematically by altering the extent of branching in dendrite microstructures as well as the extent of exposure of (111) and (200) facets. The production of C-1 and C-2 hydrocarbons along with CO in the present study can be ascribed to the availability of protons from the residual water (< 0.2 % v/v or ca. 1000 ppm) in hygroscopic DMSO. The optimized dendritic shaped electro-catalyst is perceived to have the fine branching and exposed facets that convert CO2 into CO with Faradaic Efficiency (F.E.) of 32 %, ethane with F.E. of 29 % and methane with F.E. of 5%. The production of ethane reaches a maximum of 33 % at -1.5 V (NHE), which to the best of our knowledge is the highest reported so far for electroreduction of CO2 over Cu in organic media. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.02.017
pyrolyzed at variable temperatures, 400 - 800 degrees &&structure control&&Electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to isopropanol using novel carbonized copper metal organic framework derived electrodes It is well known in sustainable energy research that metallic copper functions as an electrocatalyst for the reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products such as alcohols and hydrocarbons. However, it remains a great challenge to develop a cost-effective, selective, and stable catalyst/electrode material for this reaction. This work furthers previous studies concerning the potential of carbonized copper MOF-derived electrocatalysts as catalyst materials for the electrochemical reduction of CO2. Two commercial copper-decorated metal organic frameworks (MOFs), HKUST-1 and PCN-62, pyrolyzed at variable temperatures, 400 - 800 degrees C, were coated on both metallic nickel and copper supports as inks. The electrocatalysts' potential to reduce CO2 was gauged using an electrochemical cell with both GC-TCD and GC-FID analyses. Many of the previously reported products of this reaction were formed, however, most notably, GC-FID analysis confirmed the formation of isopropanol, a product not previously reported to the best of our knowledge. It was observed that MOF-derived coatings can produce electrodes with both better current density and selectivity towards isopropanol compared to that of uncoated copper electrodes. Amongst all the carbon products observed, the best performing electrocatalyst demonstrated isopropanol faradaic efficiency (FE) of over 72 %. Preliminary techno-economic analysis was conducted to identify target cell operating voltage in order to make the proposed electrochemical CO2 reduction process economically feasible. The desired cell operating voltage is less than 1.9 V, preferably less than 1.6 V. Future work will focus on electrochemical cell design and electrocatalyst morphology to further improve iso-propanol selectivity and minimize hydrogen FE. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101159
the needle-like dendritic structure formed during electrolysis is the likely source for the improved performance in CO2 reduction&&structure control&&Oxidation-induced restructuring of copper sulfides for enhanced performance in CO2 electroreduction The CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2ER) is a reliable pathway that enables a balanced carbon cycle for sustainable development strategies. There are several major challenges, such as selectivity, efficiency, and stability of the electrocatalysts that need to be addressed for the widespread application of this in the reduction of CO2. Herein, we develop an oxide-modification of Cu1.81S particles supported on multi-walled carbon nanotube (MWCNT) composites (Cu1.81S@WMCNT-600-OD) through a facile in-situ crystallization strategy. This modification improves the electroreduction activity in the reduction CO2 to formate with a low onset-potential of -0.47 V vs RHE (overpotential = 0.25 V). In addition, the material used in preparing this catalyst is widely accessible at low cost. Among the electrocatalysts tested, Cu1.81S@WMCNT-600-OD exhibits a high CO2 selectivity towards formate at an overpotential of 0.45 V with high faradaic efficiency (82 %) for nearly 20 h. Further investigations reveal that the needle-like dendritic structure formed during electrolysis is the likely source for the improved performance in CO2 reduction. Therefore, this work provides low-cost, abundant, and efficient catalysts for CO2ER and a facile pathway that improves the electrocatalytic performance. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101169
 we report the design and synthesis of copper oxide anchored to graphene oxide (Cu/CuxO.GO) porous microstructures via a simple and atom-economical DC electrophoresis approach that exhibit excellent electro-catalytic activity toward ECO2R&&composite&&Unprecedented Lower Over-potential for CO2 Electro-reduction on Copper oxide Anchored to Graphene Oxide Microstructures Efficient conversion of CO2 into chemical feedstock and fuels via electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (ECO2R) has perpetuated ambitious and broad research interests. Herein, we report the design and synthesis of copper oxide anchored to graphene oxide (Cu/CuxO.GO) porous microstructures via a simple and atom-economical DC electrophoresis approach that exhibit excellent electro-catalytic activity toward ECO2R. A systematic rationalisation of the several physico-chemical parameters associated with the fabrication of porous Cu/CuxO.GO network, viz. composition, the extent of defects in GO and the proportion of oxide contents in Cu/CuxO was explored to understand their impact on the electro-catalytic activity of copper plus GO-based composites. The porous and asymmetric Cu/CuxO.GO nano-composite with optimised oxide content, and metal-GO interactions exhibit an excellent activity for CO2 electroreduction into CO and ethane with a respective Faradaic efficiency (F.E.) of ca. 40% and 4% at an applied potential of just -0.28 V (vs NHE) in a CO2 saturated acetonitrile solution. Comparison of the overpotential specific F.E. values with the ones reported for similar investigations suggests that the electro-catalytic performance of the Cu/CuxO.GO network is significantly better than that observed for various state of the art electro-catalysts recently designed for the ECO2R. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101178
hybrid catalyst system&&composite&&Cu-CuOx/rGO catalyst derived from hybrid LDH/GO with enhanced C2H4 selectivity by CO2 electrochemical reduction Electrochemical CO2 conversion to value-added fuels and chemicals enabled by suitable heterogeneous catalysts has attained great attention given its economic viability and overall process efficiency. Herein, we have designed a new electro-catalyst ER-Cu-5-LDH/rGO using electro-reduction method from Cu5Al-CO3 hybrid LDH/GO precursor for efficient CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Interestingly, the ER-Cu-5-LDH/rGO catalyst presented a higher C2H4 production selectivity than the ER-Cu-5-LDH catalyst without rGO. The obtained ER-Cu-5-LDH/rGO exhibited a high C2H4 faradaic efficiency (FE) up to 54 % and a high C2H4 partial current density of -11.64 mA/cm(2) at -1.2 V vs. RHE. It also exhibited excellent stability up to 50 h. The total FE of gaseous and liquid products for ER-Cu-5-LDH/rGO is closed to 100 %. The morphological changes during CO2RR were monitored using SEM analyses for catalyst stability examination. The influence of electrolyte or pH on the electro-catalytic performance of ER-Cu-5-LDH/rGO were studied. In order to reflect the superiority of LDH precursors, a control catalyst containing Cu2O supported on rGO (ER-Cu2O/rGO) was prepared and comparatively studied. Overall, our hybrid catalyst system ER- Cu-5-LDH/rGO is very promising materials for CO2 conversion to C2H4, displaying remarkable FE, high C2H4 partial current density, and the excellent stability. Such a commendable behavior is ascribed to the excellent dispersion of active copper species as well as the superior electric conductivity of rGO. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101205
The amorphous CuEu shell triggered the reaction via a synergistic effect between electronic structure regulation and abundant active defective sites, thus facilitating highly efficient methane production from CO2 electroreduction.&&defect&&Composition regulation and defects introduction via amorphous CuEu alloy shell for efficient CO2 electroreduction toward methane Cu is considered as a promising catalyst for the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (ECO2RR) into useful chemicals/fuels, such as CH4. However, its poor selectivity and low activity toward target products remain urgent issues. Here, novel core/shell Cu@CuEu nanoparticles (NPs) with amorphous CuEu alloy shell synthesized via a simple co-reduction method were used as cathodes for ECO2RR in KHCO3 aqueous solution. The CH4 Faradaic efficiency of the optimized Cu@CuEu NPs was 74.7 %, which was 3.4-fold higher than that of Cu NPs. Moreover, the Cu@CuEu NPs exhibited a high current density of 45.4 mA cm(-2) at -1.2 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The amorphous CuEu shell triggered the reaction via a synergistic effect between electronic structure regulation and abundant active defective sites, thus facilitating highly efficient methane production from CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101285
The electrocatalyst was optimized for loading of Cu NPs on NGN&&structure control&&Nitrogen-doped graphene supported copper nanoparticles for electrochemical reduction of CO2 Increasing CO2 concentration in the atmosphere causes a negative impact on the global climate. Utilization of CO2 into value-added chemical products by electrochemical reduction method has attracted great attention to reduce the CO2 emissions and achieve net-zero carbon footprints. Herein, we report a nanostructured electrocatalyst consisting of N-doped graphene (NGN) supported Cu nanoparticles (Cu NPs) with high catalytic activity for electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR). The electrocatalyst was optimized for loading of Cu NPs on NGN. The physico-chemical properties of electrocatalysts were studied by SEM, TEM, Raman spectroscopy, XPS, etc. Characterization results show that the high loading of Cu (30 wt. %) increases the size of Cu NPs due to agglomeration of particles. ECR experiments were carried out in a two-compartment electrochemical cell. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) was employed to analyze the liquid products. Amongst all tested electrocatalysts, Cu-20/NGN shows the highest activity for ECR in the entire potential range studied. It gives a total 54 % Faradaic efficiency at-1.0 V (vs. RHE) for the liquid products. The study also demonstrates that the electronic and structural properties of the electrode were improved by the addition of Cu NPs on NGN surface, which in turn enhanced the performance of the catalyst as confirmed by potential-controlled electrocatalysis. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101382
electrodeposition Sn on Cu nanowires&&composite&&Enhanced efficiency for carbon dioxide electroreduction to formate by electrodeposition Sn on Cu nanowires Electroreduction of CO2 to formate is one of the most promising methods for CO2 utilization and conversion. However, low conversion efficiency and poor stability of electrodes limit its practical application. In this study, Sn are electrodeposited on copper nanowires (Sn/Nano-Cu) to serve as the electrode for the electroreduction of CO2 to formate. Results show that Sn nanoparticles are uniformly distributed on copper nanowires. When the potential of -1.2 V (vs. RHE) is applied, the prepared Sn/Nano-Cu electrode exhibits the maximum Faradaic efficiency as high as 86.8 % with a current density of 38.0 mA cm(-2). The formate production rate reaches 575.1 +/- 24 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2), which is 1.9 and 2.9 times that of the Sn/Cu and Sn foil electrode, respectively. The excellent CO2 electrochemical reduction performance may be attributed to the large electroactive surface area and low charge transfer resistance. Moreover, the Sn/Nano-Cu electrode can maintain high Faraday efficiency during 25 h test. The superior electrocatalytic performance as well as good stability for CO2 electroreduction is achieved by the Sn/Nano-Cu electrode. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101409
The pyrolysis product of FexCu-N-C increases the selectivity of CO2-to CO due to the increase of the BET surface area, the total pore volume, and the Fe-N-x sites, as well as a lower density of Cu NPs in the carbon matrix.&&structure control&&Iron-doping on Cu-N-C composite with enhanced CO faraday efficiency for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 Fe-N-macrocycles have been viewing as the most promising catalyst for CO2ER. It is of great importance to explore the performance of composite CuFe-N-C in CO2ER. Fe-Cu-BTT precursor was prepared by introducing the ferrous ion to a microporous N-rich MOF. It exhibits a lower plateau temperature of 800 degrees C than the prototype. The pyrolysis product of FexCu-N-C increases the selectivity of CO2-to CO due to the increase of the BET surface area, the total pore volume, and the Fe-N-x sites, as well as a lower density of Cu NPs in the carbon matrix. The Fe0.07Cu-N-C-800 exhibits the highest FECO of 48.5 %. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2020.101418
submicron-sized nanoporous copper&&structure control&&Scalable fabrication of high activity nanoporous copper powders for electrochemical CO2 reduction via ball milling and dealloying Electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) is a promising technology to close the anthropic CO2 circle using renewable energy to achieve carbon neutrality. Future commercialization of ECR will require the development of new catalyst synthesis routes that will allow significant upscaling of catalyst production from current research-level milligram quantities to the kilogram scale and beyond while maintaining the activity and selectivity demonstrated at the research level. In this work, we report on generating and testing submicron-sized nanoporous copper (npCu) particles by using a scalable approach consisting of ball milling brittle Cu-based intermetallics followed by dealloying to add nanoporosity for high surface area. The resulting npCu particles have been tested in an industry-relevant large area (25 cm2) electrolyzer platform and showed Faraday efficiencies (FE) for ethylene up to 34 % at current densities of 75-100 mA/cm2 while keeping FE for hydrogen less than 30 %. Our results demonstrate that a combination of ball milling and dealloying is a promising approach to generate large quantities of high activity and high surface area npCu particles for ECR at an industry-relevant scale. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101454
 The strong interaction between Cu and In(OH)3 are responsible to promote FECO.&&composite&&Interface engineering of earth-abundant Cu/In(OH)3 catalysts towards electrochemical reduction of CO2 favoring CO selectivity Interface engineering has been an alternative strategy applied to catalysts, which is desirable for CO2 electrochemical reduction reaction (ECO2RR) to obtain high selectivity for specific products. Herein, we report Cu/In (OH)3 heterogeneous structure catalyst attached on mildly oxidized carbon nanotubes (CNTs) originating from CuO/In(OH)3 via a facile wet hydrolysis precipitation method for ECO2RR. The selectivity of CO can be tuned by slightly adjusting the In/(Cu + In) (YIn) atomic fraction. Typically, high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO (89%) with the partial current density of 10.1 mA/cm2 at ?1.0 V(versus a reversible hydrogen electrode, RHE) is obtained at YIn = 4.5%, outperforming the most reported Cu-In based catalysts. The strong interaction between Cu and In(OH)3 are responsible to promote FECO. Designing the metal/metal hydroxide electrocatalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction opens an alternative opportunity for optimizing efficient and selective catalysts for desired products. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101470
sufficient copper active metal sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Cu-doped zeolite imidazole framework (ZIF-8) for effective electrocatalytic CO2 reduction Electrochemical CO2 reduction is a beneficial process for converting CO2 into useful hydrocarbons, chemicals, and fuels. Many catalysts have been tested before for CO2 electroreduction however achieving good stability, activity, and selectivity of the required product remains a challenge. In this work, we demonstrate the solvothermal synthesis and characterization of Cu-doped ZIF-8 catalysts with varying Cu+2 doping and applying them in the electrochemical CO2 reduction process. Cu30%ZIF-8 showed the highest current density of -40 mA cm(-2) at -2.1 V vs. Ag/AgCl and better selectivity for CH4 and CO compared to previous works on Cu electrodes. This high activity of the Cu-doped ZIF-8 catalyst is because of the crystalline nanostructure of our catalyst with sufficient copper active metal sites and N-content, micro-meso dual-porosity nature of the structure, and broad surface area of zeolite imidazole framework to work on. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101523
This good performance was mainly attributed to the synergistic effect between the evenly dispersed Cu/Cu2O and NG, leading to good CO2 adsorption capacity, rapid mass transfer and abundant active sites.&&composite&&Efficient electroreduction of CO2 to C-2-C-3 products on Cu/Cu2O@N-doped graphene CO2 is the main gas that causes the greenhouse effect, so electrochemical reduction of CO2 can be regarded as a solution to alleviate the climate crisis. In this study, a simple metal-organic frameworks (MOFs)-derivatized strategy was adopted to prepare electrocatalyst, where MOF-199 and N-doped graphene (NG), as precursors, were electroreduced to obtain Cu/Cu2O@N-doped graphene (Cu/Cu2O@NG) materials for efficient CO2 electroreduction to produce C-2-C-3 products (ethylene, ethanol and n-propanol). A series of Cu/Cu2O@NG materials, especially Cu/Cu2O@NG-2 with a Faraday efficiency of 56 % and corresponding current density of 19.0 mA/cm(2) for C-2-C-3 products, showed a considerably better catalytic performance compared with the MOF-199-derived Cu/ Cu2O material. This good performance was mainly attributed to the synergistic effect between the evenly dispersed Cu/Cu2O and NG, leading to good CO2 adsorption capacity, rapid mass transfer and abundant active sites. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101594
rregular atomic structures on the amorphous bimetallic Cu-Bi electrocatalysts&&structure control&&Rapid synthesis of amorphous bimetallic copper-bismuth electrocatalysts for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction to formate in a wide potential window The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to produce valuable chemicals is a promising strategy for alleviating the environmental problems and energy crisis, but its development is limited by the poor catalytic activity and selectivity of most electrocatalysts. In this study, an amorphous bimetallic copper-bismuth (Cu-Bi) electrocatalysts for the efficient electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate has been developed for the first time. Among the prepared electrocatalysts, CuBi-100 shows the maximum Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 94.7 % +/- 2.8 % at-1.0 V vs. RHE for the conversion to formate and also exhibits long-term stability. Notably, the CuBi-100 electrocatalyst also exhibits high selectivity (FE > 85 %) toward formate in a wide potential window (400 mV). The superior performance is mainly attributed to the numerous reaction sites originating due to the inherent irregular atomic structures on the amorphous bimetallic Cu-Bi electrocatalysts. These structures, help in accelerating the charge transfer and facilitate the formation and adsorption of CO2*- intermediates, thereby improving the formate selectivity in the CO2RR. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101621
face-centred cubic Cu2O NPs (37.5-42 nm)&&structure control&&Synthesis of Cu2O NPs using bioanalytes present in Sechium edule: Mechanistic insights and application in electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to formate Efficient electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to value-added chemicals is a promising and challenging task as well. In fact, synthesis of low-cost electrocatalysts in an environmentally benign process is the need of the hour. Bioactive compounds including polyphenols, reducing sugars, and ascorbic acid (AA) present in different plant organs are proven competent in reducing metal ions to their lower or zero oxidation states. The present study focuses on the synthesis of Cu2O NPs using the bioactive compounds present in Sechium edule fruit. The mechanistic pathways for the understanding of the formation of the face-centred cubic Cu2O NPs (37.5-42 nm) and metal-organic (intermediates) ligand leading to the development of its stabilizing cap are investigated in details. Cu2O NPs were decorated on the Toray carbon paper electrode. The modified electrodes could decrease the charge transfer resistance by 50 folds and catalyze the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to HCOO over line , a sole liquid product in 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte with a faradaic efficiency of 65.3-66.6 % within 60 min as the existence of predominant Cu2O (111) NPs could be responsible for selective formation of formate. Nevertheless, Cu2O underwent oxidation to CuO after 100 voltammetric cycles which was resulted in declining CO2 reduction reaction rate. The stability of Cu2O NPs and its delamination from the electrode surface was also studied in this work. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101622
the formed Cu-Ag sites and thus enhanced affinity with oxygen-adsorbed intermediates on Cu/Cu2O-Ag-x catalysts&&composite&&Highly dispersive trace silver decorated Cu/Cu2O composites boosting electrochemical CO2 reduction to ethanol Selective CO2 electroreduction to C2+ products, especially ethanol, is regarded as a potential technology for CO2 utilization but is still a formidable challenge. Herein, we report the highly dispersive trace Ag decorated copper/copper oxide composite (Cu/Cu2O-Ag-x) for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction to C2+ products, mainly containing ethylene and ethanol. Physical measurements confirm that the Ag decoration is an effective strategy to tune the surface electronic structure but without changing the valence and morphology of Cu. The performance evaluation of electrochemical CO2 reduction in a flow cell demonstrates that the activity and selectivity for ethanol production on Cu/Cu2O can be promoted by the trace Ag modification. The best catalyst, Cu/Cu2O with merely 0.6 at.% silver decoration, exhibits a significant enhancement in C2+ selectivity (60.9 %) as compared to the Ag-free Cu/Cu2O catalyst (50.4 %). Originated from the formed Cu-Ag sites and thus enhanced affinity with oxygen-adsorbed intermediates on Cu/Cu2O-Ag-x catalysts, the ethanol formation is favored with a greatly improved Faradaic efficiency (19.2 %) as well as partial current density (305 mA cm(-2)), which are superior to those of Ag-free counterpart (9.1 %, 105 mA cm(-2)). Moreover, the products selectivity remains stable even electrolysis at 900 mA cm(-2) over 8 h, demonstrating the preeminent electrocatalytic stability. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101698
The Cu particles embedded on Cu foil (Cu/Cu-foil) are in 3D cuboids form with flat and smooth faces&&structure control&&Electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 over in-situ grown Cu microstructures on Cu and Zn foils Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide to value added multi-carbon products is of great importance and a promising approach to mitigate greenhouse gases. In this work, we report the fabrication of electrodes by depositing Cu over the metallic foils of Cu and Zn, which show high faradic efficiency for the conversion of CO2 to formic acid, acetate, and methanol. The morphology, phase and oxidation state of the Cu were different on the two foils while maintaining the same synthesis steps. The Cu particles embedded on Cu foil (Cu/Cu-foil) are in 3D cuboids form with flat and smooth faces, whereas Cu on Zn foil (Cu/Zn-foil) emerge in the shape of 3D flowers with the club of Cu microspikes grown perpendicularly from a root. For the electrocatalytic conversion of CO2, the Cu/Cu-foil shows a high selectivity for formic acid and ethyl acetate with the highest faradaic efficiency of 78 % at -0.3 V vs RHE, and 64 % at -1.0 V (vs RHE) for the two products, respectively. In contrast, the Cu/Zn-foil displays a high selectivity towards methanol, with the highest faradaic efficiency of 48 % at -1.0 V vs RHE, indicating that the product selectivity can be easily modulated by changing the metallic foil on which the Cu particles are deposited. Both the electrodes, Cu/Cu-foil and Cu/Zn-foil, show long-term stable performance while maintaining the selectivity of the products during CO2 electrocatalytic conversion. Doi:10.1016_j.jcou.2021.101749
The morphology of the high-aspect-ratio nanowire array significantly lowers the onset potential of the alcohol formation&&structure control&&Low-overpotential selective reduction of CO2 to ethanol on electrodeposited CuxAuy nanowire arrays Direct electrochemical reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products is highly desirable, yet challenging. Here, we present a potentiostatic pulse-electrodeposition of high-aspect-ratio CuxAuy nanowire arrays (NWAs) as high-performance electrocatalysts for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2 RR). The surface electronic structure related to the Cu:Au ratio in the CuxAuy NWAs could be facilely modulated by controlling the electrodeposition potential and the as-fabricated CuxAuy NWAs could be directly used as the catalytic electrode for the CO2RR. The morphology of the high-aspect-ratio nanowire array significantly lowers the onset potential of the alcohol formation due to the diffusion-induced enhancement of the local pH and CO concentration near the nanowire surface. Besides, the properly adjusted surface electronic structure of the CuxAuy NWA enables the adsorption of CO and facilitates the subsequent CO reduction to ethanol via the C-C coupling pathway. Owing to the synergistic effect of morphology and electronic structure, the optimized CuxAuy NWA selectively reduces CO2 to ethanol at low potentials of -0.5--0.7 V vs. RHE with a highest Faradaic efficiency of 48%. This work demonstrates the feasibility to optimize the activity and selectivity of the Cu-based electrocatalysts toward multicarbon alcohols for the CO2RR via simultaneous adjustment of the electronic structure and morphology of the catalysts. (C) 2019 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jechem.2019.03.030
M-N sites&&atomic level dispersion&&Nitrogen-rich metal-organic framework mediated Cu-N-C composite catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 Cu-based MOFs, i.e., HKUST-1, etc., have been pertinently chosen as the pristine materials for CO2ER due to the unique ability of copper for generation hydrocarbon fuel. However, the limited conductivity and stability become the stumbling-block that prevents the development of it. The exploring of MOFs-derived M-C materials starts a new chapter for the MOFs precursors, which provides a remarkable electronic connection between carbon matrix and metals/metal oxides. N-doped M-N-C with extensive M-N sites scattering into the carbon matrix are more popular because of their impressive contribution to catalytic activity and specific product selectivity. Nevertheless, Cu-N-C system remained undeveloped up to now. The lack of ideal precursor, the sensitivity of Cu to be oxidized, and the difficulties in the synthesis of small size Cu nanoparticles are thus known as the main barriers to the development of Cu-N-C electrocatalysts. Herein, a nitrogen-rich Cu-BTT MOF is employed for the derivation of N-doped Cu-N-C(tau)( )composite electrocatalysts by the pyrolyze method. High-temperature pyrolysis product of Cu-N-C-1100 exhibits the best catalytic activity for productions of CO (-0.6 V vs. RHE, j(co) = 0.4 mA/cm(2)) and HCOOH (-0.9 V vs. RHE, j(HCOOH) = 1.4 mA/cm(2)). (C) 2020 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jechem.2020.06.038
 amorphous Cu with abundant low-coordinated atoms holds greater promise for this conversion yet remains relatively underexplored. Here we report an amorphous urchin-like Cu@nanosilica hybrid&&structure control&&Amorphous urchin-like copper@nanosilica hybrid for efficient CO2 electroreduction to C2+products Currently most of research efforts for selective electrocatalysis CO2 reduction to C2+ products have relied on crystalline Cu-based catalysts; amorphous Cu with abundant low-coordinated atoms holds greater promise for this conversion yet remains relatively underexplored. Here we report an amorphous urchin-like Cu@nanosilica hybrid synthesized by electrostatic coupling Si polyanions with Cu salt in hydrothermal processes. The Cu@nanosilica electrocatalyst displays excellent CO2 electroreduction activity and selectivity with a Faradic efficiency of 70.5% for C2+ product production, and higher stability compared to the crystalline Cu counterpart. The solar-driven CO2 electrolysis yields an energy efficiency of 20% for C2+ product production. Mechanism study reveals that the urchin-like Cu@nanosilica catalyst with amorphous Cu/Cu+ dispersion enhances CO2 adsorption and activation to facilitate generation of CO2* and possible CO* intermediates, and suppresses hydrogen evolution concurrently. The combined effects of both aspects promote efficient C2+ product production from CO2 electroreduction. (C) 2021 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jechem.2020.12.032
These results suggest that graphene may be used as a promising non-metallic support for the electrochemical reduction of CO2.&&composite&&High efficiency graphene/Cu2O electrode for the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide to ethanol Fabrication of an efficient catalyst for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to valuable products at low overpotential remains a severe challenge. Herein, graphene (GN)/Cu2O catalyst, with an average particle size of 20-50 nm has been synthesized and coated on copper foil. The linear seep voltammetry studies showed that the 0.1 mg of GN/Cu2O loaded catalyst exhibited the highest current density in CO2 saturated 0.5 M NaHCO3 electrolyte. The GN/Cu2O electrode was significantly more active towards CO2 reduction showing a current density of approximately 12.2 mA/cm(2) at -1.7 V versus Ag/AgCl, which is higher than Cu2O electrode (8.4 mA/cm(2)). Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of the liquid products revealed that ethanol (-0.34 ppm) was found to be the predominant product at -0.9 V with high reasonably Faradaic efficiency up to 9.93%. These results suggest that graphene may be used as a promising non-metallic support for the electrochemical reduction of CO2. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jelechem.2016.12.029
 single-site Cu(I) center&&atomic level dispersion&&Highly dispersed, single-site copper catalysts for the electroreduction of CO2 to methane Pyrolyzing Cu(II) precursors absorbed on carbon black gave an eletrocatalytic material for the electroreduction of CO2. Controlled potential electrolysis and GC analysis revealed an unexpected selectivity towards methane even in alkaline media, with a methane Faradaic efficiency as high as 42%, a partial current density of 100 mA/cm(2) (at -1 V vs. RHE) and a methane/ethylene ratio of 4:1. XPS, EXAFS, and EDX mapping results indicate a single-site Cu(I) center as the catalytically active site. The limited size of the active sites is believed to be crucial for the preferential formation of methane over ethylene. Doi:10.1016_j.jelechem.2020.113862
the coating of SnCo on a porous copper scaffold resulted in the fabrication of a promising electrochemical catalyst&&composite&&Selective electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide to formate by a trimetallic Sn-Co/Cu foam electrode The selectivity of electrochemical reduction of CO2 to formate in an aqueous NaHCO3 solution was investigated with a series of trimetallic electrodes composed of different weight percentages of SnCo coated on copper foam (Cu-f). The maximum Faradaic efficiency of 72.2% was obtained with a Sn-95-Co-5/Cu-f electrode at a potential of -1.36 V. The Sn-95-Co-5/Cu-f electrode has a formate production rate of 1.12 mmol h(-1), which is 16.7, 1.2, and 2.3 times higher than uncoated Cu-f, Cu-f coated with Sn, and Cu-f coated with Co, respectively. Analysis of the surface of the Sn-95-Co-5/Cu-f electrode shows the formation of a composite layer of SnOx and Co3O4 ensuring good electrical conductivity and CO2 absorption. These results in combination with linear sweep voltammetry indicate that the coating of SnCo on a porous copper scaffold resulted in the fabrication of a promising electrochemical catalyst, which can greatly increase the electrocatalysis selectivity for CO2 reduction to formate. Doi:10.1016_j.jelechem.2020.114623
nanoscale morphology &&structure control&&Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to C2+ products on Cu and CuxZny electrodes: Effects of chemical composition and surface morphology The electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) is a promising strategy for producing multi-carbon compounds using only CO2 and H2O at room temperature. Significant advances have already been achieved in understanding how some characteristics of copper electrodes, the current state-of-the-art catalyst for multi-carbon formation via CO2RR, affect the product spectrum. Advances and insights have been reported for, among others, the effect of crystallographic orientation, active surface area, and composition of M-copper (M = Au, Ag, Zn, etc.) materials, and how these alter the distribution of CO2RR products. However, a systematic study evaluating the significance of these variables in the CO2RR to C2+ products is still lacking in the literature and represents an important step in the development of new materials with optimized properties that can be more selective to C2+ compounds. In this paper, we have systematically investigated the effect of the roughness factor, chemical composition, and surface morphology of CuxZny electrocatalysts on the product distribution during CO2RR. Firstly, Cu, Cu90Zn10, and Cu75Zn25 electrodes were exposed to oxidation-reduction cycles to produce Cu and CuxZny electrodes with different morphologies, roughness factors, and chemical composition. Our results show that an increase in the roughness factor and Zn content lead to higher faradaic efficiency (FE) to C2+ products. Furthermore, the influence of the nanoscale morphology is imperative for the production of C2+ compounds. Specifically, nanocubes of Cu and CuxZny presented the highest FE to C2+ products among the different surface morphologies studied in this work (polished flat surface, nanosheres, nanocubes, nanodendrites, and nanocauliflowers), showing that CC coupling during CO2RR is mainly shape dependent. Doi:10.1016_j.jelechem.2020.114750
 tetra-coordinated mononuclear copper complex&&atomic level dispersion&&A mononuclear copper complex as bifunctional electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction and water oxidation To mimic natural photosynthesis, it is still a great challenge to couple catalytic CO2 reduction and water oxidation in one single system with high activity. In this work, we have successfully synthesized and characterized a tetra-coordinated mononuclear copper complex [CuIIL2](ClO4)2?2CH3OH (1) (L = methoxy-di-pyridin-2-ylmethanol) with planar configuration, which can simultaneously serve as an efficient molecular electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction and water oxidation. The copper complex displayed electrochemical activity for the reduction of CO2 to CO in DMF solution with the Faraday efficiency (FE) reached -85% and a turnover frequency (TOF) of 2.99 s?1 in the presence of proton donor water. Meanwhile, it also can perform electrocatalytic water oxidation with the FE of -86% and a high TOF of 9.20 s?1 at the pH of 11.84. The high electrochemical activity of complex 1 for the reduction of CO2 and water oxidation may due to the hydroxyl group on the methoxy-dipyridin-2-yl-methanol ligand. It represents the first copper complex as homogeneously bifunctional electrocatalyst for CO2 reduction and water oxidation. Doi:10.1016_j.jelechem.2021.115106
morphological advantag&&structure control&&Electrochemical preparation of Ag/Cu and Au/Cu foams for electrochemical conversion of CO2 to CO Ag/Cu and Au/Cu foams were prepared by bubble-templated Cu electrodeposition and subsequent noble metal galvanic displacement for production of CO via the electrochemical conversion of CO2. As the displacement time was increased, the amounts of Ag and Au gradually increased, with accompanying changes in the pore size and wall thickness. Due to their morphological advantage, at low overpotential ranges the Ag/Cu and Au/Cu foams showed higher CO partial current densities than those of Ag and Au films, respectively. Based on the loading mass of noble metal, the Ag/Cu and Au/Cu foams exhibited cost-effectiveness for CO production. The minimized use of Ag and Au with enlarged surface area supported by porous Cu foams provided effective way to fabricate catalysts for electrochemical CO2 conversion to CO. (C) 2017 The Korean Society of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jiec.2017.05.036
 the well-ordered 3D interconnected bi-continuous mesopores structure has advantages of abundant exposed catalytically active sites, efficient mass transport, and high electrical conductivity, which result in excellent electrocatalytic CO2 RR performance.&&structure control&&An efficient 3D ordered mesoporous Cu sphere array electrocatalyst for carbon dioxide electrochemical reduction The electrochemical reduction of CO2 is a promising solution for sustainable energy research and carbon emissions. However, this solution has been challenged by the lack of active and selective catalysts. Here, we report a two-step synthesis of 3D ordered mesoporous Cu sphere arrays, which is fabricated by a dual template method using a poly methyl methacrylate (PMMA) inverse opal and the nonionic surfactant Brij 58 to template the mesostructure within the regular voids of a colloidal crystal. Therefore, the well-ordered 3D interconnected bi-continuous mesopores structure has advantages of abundant exposed catalytically active sites, efficient mass transport, and high electrical conductivity, which result in excellent electrocatalytic CO2 RR performance. The prepared 3D ordered mesoporous Cu sphere array (3D-OMCuSA) exhibits a low onset potential of -0.4 V at a 1 mA cm(-2) electrode current density, a low Tafel slope of 109.6 mV per decade and a long-term durability in 0.1 M potassium bicarbonate. These distinct features of 3D-OMCuSA render it a promising method for the further development of advanced electrocatalytic materials for CO2 reduction. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The editorial office of Journal of Materials Science & Technology. Doi:10.1016_j.jmst.2019.08.059
the CO-enriched local environment generated by Ag can enhance C(2+ )formation on Cu beyond CO2 or CO feeding&&composite&&Cu-Ag Tandem Catalysts for High-Rate CO2 Electrolysis toward Multicarbons Tandem electrocatalysis decouples individual steps within a chemically complicated pathway via multicomponent catalyst design. Such a concept is attractive for CO2 electro-conversion to multicarbons (C2+), especially at high rates. Here, we show that a Cu-Ag tandem catalyst on a gas diffusion electrode (GDE) can enhance the C2+ production rate from CO2 through CO2 reduction to CO on Ag and subsequent carbon coupling on Cu. With added Ag, the C2+ partial current over a Cu surface increases from 37 to 160 mA/cm(2) at 0.70 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) in 1 M KOH with no mutual interference between the two metals. Moreover, the intrinsic C2H4 and C2H5 OH activity in the tandem platform is significantly higher than Cu alone under either pure CO2 or CO atmosphere. Our results indicate that the CO-enriched local environment generated by Ag can enhance C(2+ )formation on Cu beyond CO2 or CO feeding, suggesting new mechanisms in a tandem three-phase environment. Doi:10.1016_j.joule.2020.07.009
Defect-Site-Rich&&defect&&Efficient Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to C2+ Alcohols at Defect-Site-Rich Cu Surface Electrochemical CO2 reduction is a promising approach for upgrading excessive CO2 into value-added chemicals, while the exquisite control of the catalyst atomic structures to obtain high C2+ alcohol selectivity has remained challenging due to the intrinsically favored ethylene pathways at Cu surface. Herein, we demonstrate a rational strategy to achieve similar to 70% faradaic efficiency toward C2+ alcohols. We utilized a CO-rich environment to construct Cu catalysts with stepped sites that enabled high surface coverages of *CO intermediates and the bridge-bound *CO adsorption, which allowed to trigger CO2 reduction pathways toward the formation alcohols. Using this defect-site-rich Cu catalyst, we achieved C2+ alcohols with partial current densities of > 100 mA.cm(-2) in both a flow-cell electrolyzer and a membrane electrode assembly (MEA) electrolyzer. A stable alcohol faradaic efficiency of similar to 60% was also obtained, with similar to 500 mg C2+ alcohol production per cm(2) catalyst during a continuous 30-h operation. Doi:10.1016_j.joule.2020.12.011
faradic efficiencies of alcohols (methanol and ethanol) are greatly dependent on the nanostructures and compositions of Cu-Au alloys.&&structure control&&Enhanced selectivity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to alcohols in aqueous solution with nanostructured Cu-Au alloy as catalyst Electrochemical reduction of CO2 in an aqueous 0.5 M KHCO3 solution is studied by use of novel nanostructured Cu-Au alloys, which are prepared through electrochemical deposition with a nanoporous Cu film (NCF) as template. Linear voltammetry results show that the as-synthesized Cu-Au alloys exhibit obvious catalysis towards electrochemical reduction of CO2. Further analysis of products reveals that faradic efficiencies of alcohols (methanol and ethanol) are greatly dependent on the nanostructures and compositions of Cu-Au alloys. It is expected that this work could provide new insight into the development of powerful electrocatalysts for reduction of CO2 to alcohols. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.jpowsour.2013.12.002
alloy&&alloy&&One-dimensional CuIn alloy nanowires as a robust and efficient electrocatalyst for selective CO2-to-CO conversion Electrical anodization of Cu foil produces one-dimensional Cu nanowires of high surface areas, which turns to CuIn alloy nanowires by indium electrodeposition replacing edge site Cu atoms. An electrochemical pre-activation forms a highly conformal amorphous In(OH)(3) overlayer with oxygen vacancy on the CuIn alloy that facilitates CO2 adsorption to promote selective CO formation suppressing competing H-2 adsorption. Thus the activated CuIn alloy nanowires catalyse electrochemical CO2 conversion to CO with high CO selectivity (> 68.2%) and high current density (ca. -3.9 mAcm(-2)) at -0.6 Vim, which represents the higher partial CO current density (ca. -2.66 mAcm(-2)) than that of previously reported CuIn alloy powders without nanostructuring. The performance remains stable for more than 15 h without significant degradation. Doi:10.1016_j.jpowsour.2017.12.070
 hollow fiber electrod&&structure control&&Copper hollow fiber electrode for efficient CO2 electroreduction Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to useful chemicals is a prospective strategy that can address both carbon emission abatement and sustainable energy development. Due to the low solubility and intrinsic inertness of CO2, efficient CO2 conversion remains a challenge in aqueous CO2 electroreduction. Herein we report that a copper hollow fiber of gas-diffusion electrode constructed by a phase-inversion/sintering process enables CO2 reduction to formate maintains considerable faradaic efficiency (80%) at high current density (210 mA.cm(-2)), delivering its formate yield about 16 and 30 times those of copper foam and copper foil, respectively. CO2 molecules are forced to penetrate through the porous wall of Cu hollow fiber electrode, resulting in CO2 effective activation and compulsive interaction with active sites, which synergistically facilitates formate formation. This work indicates a positive potentiality of employ a distinct gas-diffusion electrode of hollow fiber to optimize reaction kinetics for efficient and selective electroreduction of CO2 to formate. Doi:10.1016_j.jpowsour.2021.229814
The enhanced catalytic performance is a result of the formation of the high electrochemical active surface area and high density of preferred low-index facets.&&structure control&&Surface-reconstructed Cu electrode via a facile electrochemical anodization-reduction process for low overpotential CO2 reduction A high-surface-area Cu electrode, fabricated by a simple electrochemical anodization-reduction method, exhibits high activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction at low overpotential in 0.1 M KHCO3 solution. A faradaic efficiency of 37% for HCOOH and 27% for CO production was achieved with the current density of 1.5 mA cm(-2) at -0.64 V vs. RHE, much higher than that of polycrystalline Cu. The enhanced catalytic performance is a result of the formation of the high electrochemical active surface area and high density of preferred low-index facets. (C) 2017 King Saud University. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. Doi:10.1016_j.jscs.2017.03.003
K-PBA shell coating alter inherent adsorption energetics of Cu2O, which contributes to the C-C coupling step in CO2 ER&&composite&&Synthesis of Cu2O@Cu-Fe-K Prussian Blue analogue core-shell nanocube for enhanced electroreduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products Cu2O@Cu-Fe-K Prussian Blue analogue (K-PBA) core-shell nanocube was synthesized by a facile template-engaged redox deposition approach, and could be used as an efficient catalyst for CO2 electrochemical reduction (CO2ER). The presence of K-PBA shell not only can protect the Cu2O active core, but also promote the ratios of multi-carbon products to competing methane in CO2ER, achieving a total C2+ Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 23.9% (ethylene 10.8%, ethanol 3.6% and n-propanol 9.5%) at -1.11 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), while j(total) = 6.2 mA cm(-2). It is suggested that K-PBA shell coating alter inherent adsorption energetics of Cu2O, which contributes to the C-C coupling step in CO2 ER. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.matlet.2019.126868
CuS nanoflowers&&structure control&&Morphology and composition-controllable synthesis of copper sulfide nanocrystals for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to HCOOH Electrochemical conversion of CO2 into value-added chemicals such as formic acid (HCOOH) has gained tremendous interests. Sulfide-derived copper has been shown recently to be selective for HCOOH production. However, the rich composition and morphology variation of copper sulfides on their electrochemical CO2 reduction have yet to be investigated. Herein, we report a simple ethylene glycol solvothermal route to synthesize copper sulfides nanocrystals, with their morphology and composition varied by tuning the Cu/S feed ratio and reaction temperatures. When being applied to the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to HCOOH, CuS nanoflowers exhibited high Faradic efficiency (similar to 52%) due to its high S content and specific morphology, compared to their more Cu-rich counterparts. (c) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.matlet.2020.128919
alloy&&alloy&&Selective electroreduction of CO2 to formate over the co-electrodeposited Cu/Sn bimetallic catalyst Electrocatalysis is considered to be an effective method for carbon dioxide (CO2) reduction to formate (HCOOH) and achieving renewable energy conversion. Unfortunately, limited by the high overpotential, low selectivity, and poor stability of the existing catalysts, the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction (CO2RR) is far from practical application. Herein, we designed a series of CuxSny (x, y are the molar ratio) bimetallic alloy catalysts by the co-electrodeposition strategy for electrocatalytic CO2RR to HCOOH generation. Bimetallic CuxSny catalysts are found to be more efficient than their monometal counterparts because of metal synergistic effects. In more detail, the Cu1Sn3-CC catalyst delivers high selectivity for HCOOH evolution of above 85% over a wide potential range (-0.8 V to-1.0 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode [RHE]) with a low onset potential of-0.6 V vs. RHE and exhibits a Faradaic efficiency of 91.38% toward HCOOH generation and a maximum current density of 13.79 mA/cm(2) at-0.8V vs. RHE. Furthermore, after long-term (36 h) operation, the Faraday efficiency of the catalyst is still higher than 88.35%. This work paves a facile way to synthesize novel bimetallic electrocatalysts for efficient pro-duction of HCOOH. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.mtener.2021.100797
the pyridinic-N functions as a CO2 and proton absorber, facilitating hydrogenation and carbon-carbon coupling reactions on Cu for the formation of C2H4&&composite&&Controlled assembly of Cu nanoparticles on pyridinic-N rich graphene for electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethylene Monodisperse Cu nanoparticles (NPs) assembled on a pyridinic-N rich graphene (p-NG) support show a Cu NP mass- and size-dependent catalysis for the selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 to ethylene (C2H4). For the 7 nm Cu NPs assembled on the p-NG with the p-NG/Cu mass ratio of 1:1, the C2H4 formation Faradaic efficiency and hydrocarbon selectivity reach 19% and 79% respectively at -0.9 V (vs reversible hydrogen electrode). The p-NG itself can catalyze the CO2 reduction to formate, but in the composite p-NG-Cu structure, the pyridinic-N functions as a CO2 and proton absorber, facilitating hydrogenation and carbon-carbon coupling reactions on Cu for the formation of C2H4. The work demonstrates a new strategy to improve Cu NP catalytic activity and selectivity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 for sustainable chemistry and energy applications. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2016.03.024
controllable size and composition for the bimetallic nanoparticles are critical to the CO2 reduction activity enhancement and high CO Faradaic efficiency. &&structure control&&Highly selective palladium-copper bimetallic electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to CO Selective and efficient conversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) to a reusable form of carbon via the electrochemical reduction of CO2 has attracted much attention recently, as it is a promising approach for the storage of renewable energy. Herein, we synthesize palladium-copper bimetallic nanoparticles with different compositions, which serve as a well-defined platform to understand their fundamental catalytic activity in CO2 reduction. Among PdCu/C and Pd/C catalysts tested, Pd85Cu15/C catalyst shows the highest CO Faradaic efficiency of 86%, CO current density of 6.9 mA cm(-2) and mass activity for CO production of 24.5 A g(-1) at 0.89 V vs. RHE in CO2-saturated 0.1 M KHCO3 solution, which is about 5 times, 8 times and 2.2 times higher than Pd/C catalyst, respectively. It was suggested from EXAFS and CO TPD-MS studies that the highly selective CO production on Pd85Cu15/C catalyst is due to the presence of an optimum ratio of the copper element and low-coordination sites over monometallic Pd active for H-2 evolution with low overpotential. We believe that controllable size and composition for the bimetallic nanoparticles are critical to the CO2 reduction activity enhancement and high CO Faradaic efficiency. The insights gained through this work may shed light in a foundation for designing efficient catalysts for electrochemical reduction of CO2. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2016.06.035
The high activity and significant selectivity enhancement are attributable to the formation of abundant grain boundary supported active sites and preferable (100) and (111) facets as a result of reconstruction of Cu surface facets.&&structure control&&Low overpotential and high current CO2 reduction with surface reconstructed Cu foam electrodes While recent reports have demonstrated that oxide-derived Cu-based electrodes exhibit high selectivity for CO2 reduction at low overpotential, the low catalytic current density (< 2 mA/cm(2) at - 0.45 V vs. RHE) still largely limits its applications for large-scale fuel synthesis. Here we report an extremely high current density for CO2 reduction at low overpotential using a Cu foam electrode prepared by air-oxidation and subsequent electroreduction. Apart from possessing three-dimensional (3D) open frameworks, the resulting Cu foam electrodes prepared at higher temperatures exhibit enhanced electrochemically active surface area and distinct surface structures. In particular, the Cu foam electrode prepared at 500 degrees C exhibits an extremely high geometric current density of similar to 9.4 mA/cm(2) in CO2-saturated 0.1 M KHCO3 aqueous solution and achieving similar to 39% CO and similar to 23% HCOOH Faradaic efficiencies at -0.45 V vs. RHE. The high activity and significant selectivity enhancement are attributable to the formation of abundant grain boundary supported active sites and preferable (100) and (111) facets as a result of reconstruction of Cu surface facets. This work demonstrates that the structural integration of Cu foam with open 3D frameworks and the favorable surface structures is a promising strategy to develop an advanced Cu electrocatalyst that can operate at high current density and low overpotential for CO2 reduction. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2016.06.043
ordered porous&&structure control&&Highly efficient CO2 reduction on ordered porous Cu electrode derived from Cu2O inverse opals Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to fuels is a promising way to reduce CO2 emission and address the environment and energy crisis. However, the H-2 evolution reaction competes with CO2 electrochemical reduction, which would lower the overall efficiency for carbonaceous products. In this work, a new electrocatalyst (cubic-shaped Cu inverse opals) was reported to reduce CO2 to useful chemicals, which was synthesized from an electrochemical reduction of Cu2O inverse opals. The Cu inverse opals could electrochemically reduce CO2 to CO and HCOOH with a Faradaic efficiency of 45.3% and 33.6%, which was 3 times and 5 times higher than that of Cu particles film at identical conditions. The improved Faradaic efficiency for CO2 reduction was ascribed to the enhanced stabilization for the CO2 center dot- intermediate on the high surface area of Cu inverse opals, and the greatly improved reactant diffusion in this interconnected and ordered macroporous structure. The design of Cu inverse opals presents a prospective application of inverse opals in CO2 reduction through constructing inverse-opal structure as groundwork, which may provide key structure-activity insights for efficient CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2018.03.023
nanowires &&structure control&&Phase and structure modulating of bimetallic CuSn nanowires boosts electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 While electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) is a highly desirable approach for converting CO2 into highly-valued fuels and chemicals, the design and create of efficient CO2 RR catalysts with excellent selectivity to desirable product and long-term stability still remains great challenge. In this work, we have successfully created a series of bimetallic CuSn nanowires (NWs) with modulated phases and structures as superior electrocatalysts for CO2RR. Three distinct CuSn NWs, namely, CuSn NWs/C-Air, CuSn NWs/C-H-2 and CuSn NWs/C-N-2, have been created by the combination of hydrothermal process and controlled thermal treatment in different atmospheres, where the optimized CuSn NWs/C-Air shows significant enhanced activity with the best formate selectivity of 90.2% at -1.0 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode under alkaline condition, which is much higher than those of CuSn NWs/C-H-2 (62.6%) and CuSn NWs/C-N-2 (64.3%). Moreover, the unique CuSn NWs/C-Air also exhibits enhanced stability without significant activity and selectivity degradation after continuous operating about 10 h. Density functional theory calculations reveal that Sn atoms doping into CuO(111) surface, enhancing the adsorption of CO2 intermediate *OCHO and suppressing H-2 production, could be the plausible site to realize the high selective CO2RR observed in CuSn NWs/C-Air. The realization of one-dimensional (1D) heterostructures with precisely modulated phases and structures hold significant promise for the design of efficient electrocatalysts and beyond. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2019.02.037
an enrichment of Cu oxides on the surface of the formed mixed AgCuxO foam&&structure control&&Activation of bimetallic AgCu foam electrocatalysts for ethanol formation from CO2 by selective Cu oxidation/reduction Bimetallic AgCu metal foams (15 at% Ag, 85 at% Cu) have been synthesized by means of an additive-assisted electrodeposition process using the dynamic hydrogen bubble template approach. Ag and Cu remain fully phase-segregated in the as deposited bimetallic foam exhibiting a high degree of dispersion of pure nm-sized Ag domains embedded in the Cu matrix. An activation of this bimetallic material towards ethanol formation is achieved by thermal annealing of the as deposited foam under mild conditions (200 degrees C for 12 h). Such annealing quantitatively transforms the Cu in the bimetallic system into a mixture of crystalline Cu2O and amorphous CuO whereas the Ag remains in its metallic state due to the thermal instability of Ag2O above temperatures of 180 degrees C. The selective oxidation of Cu in the bimetallic Ag15Cu85 catalyst goes along with an enrichment of Cu oxides on the surface of the formed mixed AgCuxO foam. Both operando X-ray diffraction and operando Raman spectroscopy demonstrate, however, that the oxide reduction is completed before the electrochemical CO2 reduction sets in. The thus formed oxide-derived (OD) bimetallic Ag15Cu85 foam catalyst shows high selectivity towards alcohol formation with Faradaic efficiencies of FEEtOH = 33.7% and FEn-PrOH = 6.9% at -1.0 V and -0.9 V vs RHE, respectively. Extended electrolysis experiments (100 h) indicate a superior degradation resistance of the oxide-derived bimetallic catalyst which is ascribed to the effective suppression of the C1 hydrocarbon reaction pathway thus avoiding irreversible carbon contaminations appearing in particular during methane production. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2019.104331
self-supported Ag-Cu bimetallic catalysts with bicontinuous nanoporous geometries and adjustable compositions&&structure control&&Electronic and geometric structure engineering of bicontinuous porous Ag-Cu nanoarchitectures for realizing selectivity-tunable electrochemical CO2 reduction The electrochemical conversion of waste carbon dioxide into hydrocarbon fuels represent a promising strategy for clean and sustainable energy production. However, the design of outstanding electrocatalysts that can reduce CO2 in an efficient and selective manner is challenging, and the fundamental understanding on reaction mechanism is still limited. Herein, we report the preparation of self-supported Ag-Cu bimetallic catalysts with bicontinuous nanoporous geometries and adjustable compositions through an electrochemical anodizing/dealloying process of Ag52Cu39Sn9 alloy foil to exploit their performances in electrocatalytic CO2 reduction. By changing the compositions from Ag91Cu9 to Ag65Cu35, the variations in atomic arrangement and electronic structure around the active sites bring synergistic effects on the binding strength of different reaction intermediates, realizing tunable product selectivity from CO to formate at high Faradaic efficiencies. In-situ Raman analysis and density functional theory calculations confirm that as the Ag-Cu atomic ratio shifts, the variations of formation free-energies and desorption capacities of intermediates lead to different reaction pathways and final products. The findings in this study provide a promising route to modulate the atomic structures and improve the properties of electrocatalysts towards CO2 fixation. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2020.104796
the interfacial interaction between Cu and Ag affects the valence electronic states as confirmed by synchrotron radiation photoelectron spectroscopy and density functional theory calculation.&&composite&&Tailoring electronic structure of bifunctional Cu/Ag layered electrocatalysts for selective CO2 reduction to CO and CH4 Nanostructured catalysts have been extensively demonstrated for electrochemical CO2 reduction. But, efforts to understand the mechanism of bimetallic catalysts have been limited. Here, we study electronic structures in bimetallic Cu/Ag layered catalysts to eliminate geometrical effects on the electrocatalytic characteristics. We found that the interfacial interaction between Cu and Ag affects the valence electronic states as confirmed by synchrotron radiation photoelectron spectroscopy and density functional theory calculation. The Ag adatom on Cu surface decreases charge density by forming an additional bond with Cu. As a result, the binding energy of CO intermediate increases on the surface. As the thickness of Ag layer increases, the effect of interfacial interaction of Cu/Ag gradually weakened and the center of d-states downshifted from 4.38 to 5.28 eV. The optimized Cu/Ag layered catalyst exhibited bifunctional catalytic selectivity with high CO faradaic efficiency (FE) = 89.1% at -0.8 V-RHE and high methane FE = 65.3% at -1.2 V-RHE. Doi:10.1016_j.nanoen.2020.105168
alloy &&alloy&&Synergy effects on Sn-Cu alloy catalyst for efficient CO2 electroreduction to formate with high mass activity To acquire the synergy effects between Sn and Cu for the jointly high Faradaic efficiency and current density, we develop a novel strategy to design the Sn-Cu alloy catalyst via a decorated co-electrodeposition method for CO2 electroreduction to formate. The Sn-Cu alloy shows high formate Faradaic efficiency of 82.3% +/- 2.1% and total C1 products Faradaic efficiency of 90.0% +/- 2.7% at 1.14 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The current density and mass activity of formate reach as high as (79.0 +/- 0.4) mA cm2 and (1490.6 +/- 7.5) mA mg1 at 1.14 V vs. RHE. Theoretical calculations suggest that Sn-Cu alloy can obtain high Faradaic efficiency for CO2 electroreduction by suppressing the competitive hydrogen evolution reaction and that the formate formation follows the path of CO2 ? HCOO* ? HCOOH. The stepped (2 1 1) surface of Sn-Cu alloy is beneficial towards selective formate production. 2020 Science China Press. Published by Elsevier B.V. and Science China Press. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.scib.2020.01.020
These results point out that the interaction between the copper nanoparticles and the carbon support plays an important role in the CO2 electrocatalytic reduction process.&&composite&&Effect of carbon support on the catalytic activity of copper-based catalyst in CO2 electroreduction Climate change caused by carbon dioxide anthropogenic emissions has turned into one of the most important environmental concerns of our society. Among the different actions proposed for mitigation of CO2 emissions, electrocatalytic reduction appears as a very promising technology for recycling CO2 to synthetic fuels and other valuable products. One of the most important challenges of this technology is the development of catalysts that allow obtaining high efficiencies in the reduction of the CO2 molecule. This work is focused in the development of Cu based nanostructured catalysts deposited on carbon supports. Supercritical fluid deposition (SFD) technique has been used for the copper deposition on three different carbon supports: carbon black (CB), carbon nanotubes (CNT) and reduced graphene oxide (rGO). SFD is an environmentally friendly technology that has demonstrated good results in the synthesis of nanomaterials. Results obtained in this work show that SFD technique allows a homogeneous deposition of copper nanoparticles on the different carbon supports used with deposition yields close to 90%. The average size of copper nanoparticles formed is between 13 and 19 nm. The activity of these catalysts (Cu/CB, Cu/CNT and Cu/rGO) in the electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide has been carried out in gas phase in a PEM type electrochemical cell. Results show a higher CO2 conversion rate (around 40%) when using Cu/CNT catalyst. In every case, CO, formic acid and methane are the main reaction products obtained from the CO2 reduction. Nevertheless, Cu/CNT and Cu/CB catalysts promote the formation of CO, whereas formic acid is the main reaction product with Cu/rGO. This could be attributed to the presence of oxygenated groups observed in the rGO based catalyst. These results point out that the interaction between the copper nanoparticles and the carbon support plays an important role in the CO2 electrocatalytic reduction process. Doi:10.1016_j.seppur.2020.117083
Cu-CuxO/CNT/BC nanocomposite&&composite&&In-situ assembly of Cu/CuxO composite with CNT/Bacterial cellulose matrix as a support for efficient CO2 electroreduction reaction to CO and C2H4 A CNT/Bacterial Cellulose (BC) nanocomposite with a large surface area and conductive properties was in-situ cultivated to retain the native 3D nanofibril network. The Cu-CuxO/CNT/BC nanocomposite electrode was in-situ fabricated via reduction with the CNT/BC composite as a support, comparing KBH4 and NaBH4 as a reducing agent to obtain efficient electrodes for CO2 reduction (ECR-CO2). Both electrodes exhibited higher performance than the traditional carbon cloth or pristine BC supported Cu-based catalysts for conversion of ECR-CO2 to CO and C2H4. The CNT/BC as a support provided not only more active sites for copper catalyst but also increased the charge transfer and selective performance of C2H4 product, due to the synergistic effect of CNT and copper. The smaller honeycomb and dendritic lamellar crystal morphology of the obtained Cu-CuxO/CNT/BCNaBH4 electrode possessed a large electrochemical specific surface area, providing more active sites for ECR-CO2. The doublelayer capacitance and the current density reached 11.8 mF cm(-2) and 33.3 mA cm(-2), respectively. At a potential of -1.5 V-RHE, the Faraday efficiency (FECO + FEC2H4) was 66%. Moreover, the Cu-CuxO/CNT/BC nano-composite electrode was very stable, and withstood tolerance in ECR-CO2 for more than 20 h. This study possibly will provide a new design for catalyst support on CNT/BC substrate to regulate advanced catalysts/electrodes for different applications, especially to ECR-CO2 in terms of higher charge transport properties, lower contact resistance, higher current density, and more stable CO2 electroreduction performance. Doi:10.1016_j.seppur.2021.119832
Crystallite size of predominant Cu species of catalysts are between 7 (microemulsion) and 16 nm ( SFD).&&structure control&&Deposition of Cu on CNT to synthesize electrocatalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2: Advantages of supercritical fluid deposition technique One of the most promising technologies for the mitigation of CO2 emissions involves its electrocatalytic reduction to valuable products. However, the development of effective catalysts is still a challenge. In this work, three different techniques have been compared for the synthesis of catalysts involving Cu-based nanoparticles deposited on carbon nanotubes (Cu/CNT): precipitation, microemulsion and supercritical fluid deposition (SFD). According to XRD, SFD allows obtaining mainly copper nanoparticles, while copper oxides are obtained by precipitation. Crystallite size of predominant Cu species of catalysts are between 7 (microemulsion) and 16 nm ( SFD). The use of these catalysts in the electrochemical reduction of CO2 in gas phase produce carbon monoxide as main CO2 reduction product, followed by formic acid and methane. The catalyst obtained by microemulsion exhibited poor reproducibility. The catalyst synthesized by SFD achieved the largest CO2 conversion rate, a 30 % higher than that obtained with the one synthesized by precipitation. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_j.supflu.2020.104999
The synergistic effect of the catalyst has been reported to C-2&&composite&&Facile synthesis of Cu-Ag bimetallic electrocatalyst with prior C-2 products at lower overpotential for CO2 electrochemical reduction In this article, we reported the electrochemical reduction of CO2 at Cu-Ag bimetallic electrocatalysts, which can be facilely and reproducibly synthesized by hydrogen bubble template method and galvanic displacement reaction. An interesting finding was that the faradic yields of products can be tuned by changing the composition of the Ag component. The as-prepared catalyst can maintain higher activity and stability, especially the positively shifted potential to -0.74 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode) of detectable 14% C-2 products and suppression of H-2 for the Cu-Ag catalyst with the replacement time of 10 s. The synergistic effect of the catalyst has been reported to C-2. In addition, the potential dependent rule for products was illustrated as well and volcano shape change towards C-2 was worthy to be pointed. Our research will deepen the understanding of the surface electrocatalytic reaction and provide the insight into the factors to design excellent catalysts. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V. Doi:10.1016_j.surfin.2016.12.002
CuO/ZnO (3:7 by mole ratio) mixed oxides&&composite&&Electroreduction of CO2 using Cu/Zn oxides loaded gas diffusion electrodes Gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) consist of a gas layer (mixture of hydrophobic carbon black (CBphob) and PTFE dispersion) and a reaction layer (mixture of catalyst powder, CBphob, hydrophilic CB (CBphil), and PTFE) laminated on a Gu mesh as a current collector. As the catalyst, CuO/ZnO (3:7 by mole ratio) mixed oxides end a mixture of a Cu powder (4N, -325 mesh) and a ZnO powder were examined. Electroreduction was performed potentiostatically passing in general 200 C using a w-shaped Pyrex cell having one gas and two liquid chambers, with two lines of gas circulating systems. When using a GDE of (CuO/ZnO = 3/7 : CB = 6 : 5 [by weight], the reduction products were mainly C2H5OH with slight amounts of CO and HCOO-, and a comparable amount of H-2. Faradaic efficiency maximum of 16.7% for C2H5OH formation with maximum selectivity of 88% was observed at -1.32 V vs. Ag-AgCl, at a partial current density of 4.23 mA/cm(2), which is about 50 times greater than that obtained on a sintered oxide electrode. In the case of the GDE of (Cu/ZnO = 3 : 7) : CB = 3 : 1 reduced by H-2, the selectivity of the reduction products became poorer, like in the case of a Cu foil electrode, with lower current density, although the total faradaic efficiencies for CO2 reduction was 40.5% with additional formation of n-C3H7OH and C2H4 at -1.30 V. Doi:10.1016_S0167-2991(98)80748-9
various series of copper single crystal electrodes&&structure control&&Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide at various series of copper single crystal electrodes Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide was studied with various series of copper single crystal electrodes in 0.1 M KHCO3 aqueous solution at constant current density 5 mA cm(-2); the electrodes employed are Cu(S)-[n(1 0 0) x (1 1 1)], Cu(S)-[n(1 0 0) x (1 1 0)], Cu(S)-[n(1 1 1) x (1 0 0)], Cu(S)-[n(1 1 1) x (1 1 1)] and Cu(S)-[n(1 1 0) x (1 0 0)]. The electrodes based on (1 0 0) terrace surface give ethylene as the major product. The ethylene formation is further promoted by the introduction of (1 1 1) or (1 1 0) steps to the (1 0 0) basal plane. The highest C2H4 to CH4 formation ratio amounts to 10 in terms of the current efficiency for the (7 1 1) (=4(1 0 0) - (1 1 1)) surface as compared with the value 0.2 for the (I 11) electrode. The n (1 1 1) - (1 1 1) surfaces favor the formations of acetic acid, acetaldehyde and ethyl alcohol with the increase of the (1 1 1) step atom density. CH4 formation at the n (1 1 1) - (1 1 1) electrodes decreases with the increase of the (111) step atom density. The n (1 1 1) - (1 0 0) surfaces give higher gaseous products; the major product is CH4 with lower fraction of C-2+ compounds. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_S1381-1169(03)00016-5
alloy &&alloy&&Efficient electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide to ethylene on copper-antimony bimetallic alloy catalyst The exploration of efficient electrocatalysts for the reduction of CO2 to C2H4 is of significant importance but is also a challenging subject. Cu-based bimetallic catalysts are extremely promising for efficient CO2 reduction. In this work, we synthesize a series of porous bimetallic Cu-Sb alloys with different compositions for the catalytic reduction of CO2 to C2H4. It is demonstrated that the alloy catalysts are much more efficient than the pure Cu catalyst. The performance of the alloy catalysts depended strongly on the composition. Further, the alloy with a Cu:Sb ratio of 10:1 yielded the best results; it exhibited a high C2H4 Faradaic efficiency of 49.7% and a high current density of 28.5 mA cm(-2) at -1.19 V vs. a reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) in 0.1 M KCl solution. To the best of our knowledge, the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to C2H4 using Cu-Sb alloys as catalysts has not been reported. The excellent performance of the porous alloy catalyst is attributed to its favorable electronic configuration, large surface area, high CO2 adsorption rate, and fast charge transfer rate. (C) 2020, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_S1872-2067(20)63542-2
The dendritic Cu-In-30 catalyst electrodeposited for 30 min shows the highest specific surface area and exposes the most active sites, resulting in improved CO2RR activity.&&structure control&&Copper-indium bimetallic catalysts for the selective electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide Copper-indium bimetallic catalysts with a dendritic structure are fabricated by a two-step electrodeposition method using a hydrogen evolution template for the CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2RR). The dendritic Cu-In-30 catalyst electrodeposited for 30 min shows the highest specific surface area and exposes the most active sites, resulting in improved CO2RR activity. The dendritic Cu-In-30 catalyst exhibits distinctly higher formate partial current density (42.0 mA cm(-2)) and Faradaic efficiency (87.4%) than those of the In-30 catalyst without the dendritic structure (the formate partial current density and Faradaic efficiency are 4.6 mA cm(-2) and 57.0%, respectively) at -0.85 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, ascribed to the increased specific surface area. The Cu-In-30 catalyst can maintain stable performance for 12 h during the CO2RR. In addition, the intrinsic current density of Cu-In-30 with the dendritic structure (4.8 mA cm(-2)) is much higher than that of In-30 without the dendritic structure (2.1 mA cm(-2)), indicating that the dendritic structure promotes the CO2RR, possibly due to additional coordination unsaturated atoms. (c) 2020, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_S1872-2067(20)63577-X
Based on the strong CO2 adsorption and ultrafast reaction kinetics of CO* formation on Pd, an intimate CuPd(100) interface was designed to lower the intermediate reaction barriers and improve the efficiency of C-2 product formation.&&composite&&Tuning the intermediate reaction barriers by a CuPd catalyst to improve the selectivity of CO2 electroreduction to C-2 products Electrochemical CO2 reduction is a promising strategy for the utilization of CO2 and intermittent excess electricity. Cu is the only single metal catalyst that can electrochemically convert CO2 into multicarbon products. However, Cu exhibits an unfavorable activity and selectivity for the generation of C-2 products because of the insufficient amount of CO* provided for the C-C coupling. Based on the strong CO2 adsorption and ultrafast reaction kinetics of CO* formation on Pd, an intimate CuPd(100) interface was designed to lower the intermediate reaction barriers and improve the efficiency of C-2 product formation. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations showed that the CuPd(100) interface enhanced the CO2 adsorption and decreased the CO2* hydrogenation energy barrier, which was beneficial for the C-C coupling. The potential-determining step (PDS) barrier of CO2 to C-2 products on the CuPd(100) interface was 0.61 eV, which was lower than that on Cu(100) (0.72 eV). Encouraged by the DFT calculation results, the CuPd(100) interface catalyst was prepared by a facile chemical solution method and characterized by transmission electron microscopy. CO2 temperature-programmed desorption and gas sensor experiments further confirmed the enhancement of the CO2 adsorption and CO2* hydrogenation ability of the CuPd(100) interface catalyst. Specifically, the obtained CuPd(100) interface catalyst exhibited a C-2 Faradaic efficiency of 50.3% +/- 1.2% at.1.4 V-RHE in 0.1 M KHCO3, which was 2.1 times higher than that of the Cu catalyst (23.6% +/- 1.5%). This study provides the basis for the rational design of Cu-based electrocatalysts for the generation of multicarbon products by fine-tuning the intermediate reaction barriers. (C) 2021, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Doi:10.1016_S1872-2067(20)63754-8
surface roughness is a good descriptor of catalytic performance&&structure control&&Production of C-2/C-3 Oxygenates from Planar Copper Nitride-Derived Mesoporous Copper via Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 Electrochemical reduction of CO2 provides an opportunity to produce fuels and chemicals in a carbon-neutral manner, assuming that CO2 can be captured from the atmosphere. To do so requires efficient, selective, and stable catalysts. In this study, we report a highly mesoporous metallic Cu catalyst prepared by electrochemical reduction of thermally nitrided Cu foil. Under aqueous saturated CO2 reduction conditions, the Cu3N-derived Cu electrocatalyst produces virtually no CH4, very little CO, and exhibits a faradaic efficiency of 68% in C2+ products (C2H4, C2H5OH, and C3H7OH) at a current density of similar to 18.5 mA cm(-2) and a cathode potential of -1.0 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode. Under these conditions, the catalyst produces more oxygenated products than hydrocarbons. We show that surface roughness is a good descriptor of catalytic performance. The roughest surface reached 98% CO utilization efficiency for C-2, product formation from CO2 reduction and the ratio of oxygenated to hydrocarbon products correlates with the degree of surface roughness. These effects of surface roughness are attributed to the high population of undercoordinated sites as well as a high pH environment within the mesopores and adjacent to the surface of the catalyst. Doi:10.1021_acs.chemmater.0c00761
interface engineering is a promising way to stabilize active sites and boost selective CO2 electroreduction&&composite&&Engineering a Cu/ZnOx Interface for High Methane Selectivity in CO2 Electrochemical Reduction An oxidized copper species (Cu delta+) on the metallic copper surface is critical to the activity and selectivity of electrochemical reduction of CO2 gas. However, Cu delta+ species are easily reduced under working conditions of CO2 electroreduction. Herein, we propose an interface engineering strategy to stabilize Cu delta+ species; specifically, ZnOx nanoparticles are grown on a copper foil to generate a Cu/ZnOx interface. The interface stabilizes the surface Cu2+ species and delivers high methane selectivity (similar to 36%) and long-term durability (>12 h) at a potential of -1.1 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) for CO2 reduction. By combining comprehensive characterizations with simulation experiments, we identify cupric species as active sites for CH4 formation, which is confirmed by density functional theory calculations. Our work demonstrates that interface engineering is a promising way to stabilize active sites and boost selective CO2 electroreduction. Doi:10.1021_acs.iecr.0c04718
AuCu bimetallic catalyst&&alloy&&Synthesis of Composition-Tunable Syngas from Efficiently Electrochemical Conversion of CO2 over AuCu/CNT Bimetallic Catalyst Syngas is significant for the chemical industry for the synthesis of a variety of hydrocarbon fuels and chemicals. Different syngas-based products require syngas with different CO/H-2 ratios, which depend mainly on the design of the catalyst. Under this background, we successfully synthesized syngas by electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) with a controllable CO/H-2 ratio over a AuCu bimetallic catalyst. In contrast to the monometallic Au and Cu catalysts, the AuCu bimetallic catalyst gives a 95.2% of Faradaic efficiency (FE) at only 290 mV on the selective conversion from CO2 to CO. By tuning the Cu/Au ratio and potential during the electrochemical conversion, the H-2/CO in the obtained syngas products can be obtained at the wide range of 0.12 to 5.24 We propose that the controllable H-2/CO ratio from CO2 is significant in industrial production and will decrease the cost of catalyst fabrication. Doi:10.1021_acs.iecr.9b02192
Nanostructured &&structure control&&Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Ethane Using Nanostructured Cu2O-Derived Copper Catalyst and Palladium(II) Chloride A method to facilitate the electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to ethane (C2H6) was developed. The electrolyte used was aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3. Chronoamperometry, scanning electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, online gas chromatography, and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy were used to characterize the electrochemical system and products formed. Carbon dioxide reduction using a Cu2O-derived copper working electrode gave ethylene (C2H4) and ethanol as main C-2 products, with optimized faradic efficiencies (FE) of 32.1 and 16.4% at -1.0 V vs RHE. The active catalysts were similar to 500 nm-sized crystalline Cu-0 particles, which were formed via the reduction of the Cu2O precursor during the initial phase of the CO, reduction reaction. When palladium(II) chloride was added to the electrolyte, C2H6 formation could be achieved with a significant FE of 30.1% at the said potential. The production of C2H4 was, on the other hand, suppressed to a FE of 3.4%. The alternate use of Pd-0, PdO, or Pd-Al2O3 dopants did not afford the same conversion efficiency. Extensive mechanistic studies demonstrate that C2H4 was first produced from CO, reduction at the Cu-0 sites, followed by hydrogenation to C2H6 with the assistance of adsorbed PdClx. Interestingly, we discover that both Cu and PdClx sites are necessary for the efficient reduction of C2H4 to C2H6. The PdCl2 was "consumed" during the reaction, and a hypothesis for how it contributes to the reduction of CO, to ethane is proposed. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.5b09144
Ten Cu2O-derived Cu films of different thicknesses and morphologies were prepared and extensively characterized.&&structure control&&Mechanistic Insights into the Selective Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide to Ethylene on Cu2O-Derived Copper Catalysts In this work, we made a comprehensive investigation to unravel the underlying causes for the selectivity of CO2 electroreduction toward ethylene on Cu2O-derived Cu catalysts. Scanning electron microscopy, Xray diffraction, cyclic voltammetry, chronoamperometry, chronopotentiometry, online gas chromatography, nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and numerical simulations of local pH were used toward this end. Ten Cu2O-derived Cu films of different thicknesses and morphologies were prepared and extensively characterized. Aqueous 0.1 M KHCO3 was used as the electrolyte. We report here, for the first time, a remarkably strong correlation between the statistically relevant crystallite sizes of the Cu2O-derived Cu particles and selective CO, electroreduction to C2H4. Specifically, as the crystallite size of the particles decreased from 41 to 18 nm, the Faradaic efficiency (FE) of C2H4 formation increased from 10 to 43%. Using cyclic voltammetry, samples with smaller particle crystallite sizes were found to possess more diverse adsorption sites for CO (a known reaction intermediate), which we interpret to be important for the C-C coupling of C-1 adsorbates to C-2 intermediates. The effect of local pH on the yield of C2H4 for the different Cu2O-derived Cu catalysts was less significant when compared to the effects of crystallite sizes and mass transport limitations. We also show here that remarkable amounts of C-2 and C-3 products could be achieved using these Cu2O-derived Cu catalysts. Driven at a fixed total current density of -31.2 mA cm(-2), the catalysts could reduce CO2 to C2H4, ethanol, and n-propanol with optimized FEs of 42.6% (J(C2H4) = -13.3 mA cm(-2)), 11.8% (j(C2HSOH) = -3.7mA cm(-2)), and 5.4% (j(C3H7OH) = -17 mA cm(-2)), respectively. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.6b07128
The geometric effects dominantly account for the synergistic effect of CO product and control the surface activity to hydrocarbons. &&structure control&&The Tunable and Highly Selective Reduction Products on Ag@Cu Bimetallic Catalysts Toward CO2 Electrochemical Reduction Reaction Bimetallic electrocatalysts can improve the activity and selectivity over their monometallic counterparts by tuning the structure, morphology, and composition. However, there scarcely was a systematic model to understand the structural effect relationship on CO, electrochemical reduction reaction, especially for a product tuning process by introduction of a second metal to grow into outer layers. Herein, we report a structure-controlled model of the growth process of Ag@Cu bimetallic nanoparticles that are fabricated by a polyol method, that is, reducing mixtures of Ag+ and Cu2+ (excess amount) in ethylene glycol (reducing agent) in the presence of polyvinylpyrrolidone. Structural characterizations reveal that a series of Ag@Cu NPs are tuned from the Ag core, Cu modified Ag, to the Cu outer shell by controlling the heating time (0-25 min). Moreover, highly selective catalysts with the tuning reduction products from carbon monoxide to hydrocarbons can be realized. Different from the "dilution" effects between Ag and Cu, the volcanic curve for carbon monoxide production is detected for the introduction of Cu and the peak point is the Ag@Cu-7 electrocatalyst (heating time is 7 min). Similarly, interestingly, when the Cu cladding layer continuously grows, the hydrocarbons are not a simple proportional addition and optimized at Ag@Cu-20 (heating time is 20 min). The geometric effects dominantly account for the synergistic effect of CO product and control the surface activity to hydrocarbons. This study serves as a good starting point to tune the energetics of the intermediate binding to achieve even higher selectivity and activity for core shell structured catalysts. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.7b01586
 an investigation of the effects of four different preparations of oxide-derived electrocatalysts on their activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction&&structure control&&Optimizing C-C Coupling on Oxide-Derived Copper Catalysts for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction Copper electrodes, prepared by reduction of oxidized metallic copper, have been reported to exhibit higher activity for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 and better selectivity toward C-2 and C-3 (C2+) products than metallic copper that has not been preoxidized. We report here an investigation of the effects of four different preparations of oxide-derived electrocatalysts on their activity and selectivity for CO2 reduction, with particular attention given to the selectivity to products. All catalysts were tested for CO2 reduction in 0.1 M KHCO3 and 0.1 M CsHCO3 at applied voltages in the range from -0.7 to -1.0 V vs RHE. The best performing oxide-derived catalysts show up to similar to 70% selectivity to C2+ products and only similar to 3% selectivity to C-1 products at -1.0 V vs RHE when CsHCO3 is used as the electrolyte. In contrast, the selectivity to C2+ products decreases to similar to 56% for the same catalysts tested in KHCO3. By studying all catalysts under identical conditions, the key factors affecting product selectivity could be discerned. These efforts reveal that the surface area of the oxide-derived layer is a critical parameter affecting selectivity. A high selectivity to C2+ products is attained at an overpotential of -1 V vs RHE by operating at a current density sufficiently high to achieve a moderately high pH near the catalyst surface but not so high as to cause a significant reduction in the local concentration of CO2. On the basis of recent theoretical studies, a high pH suppresses the formation of C-1 relative to C2+ products. At the same time, however, a high local CO2 concentration is necessary for the formation of C2+ products. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.7b03673
Alloy&&alloy&&Experimental and Theoretical Elucidation of Electrochemical CO2 Reduction on an Electrodeposited Cu3Sn Alloy The reaction selectivity of an electrode catalyst can be modulated by regulating its crystal structure, and the modified electrode may show different CO2 reduction selectivity from that of its constituent metal. In this study, we investigated the mechanisms of the electrochemical CO2 reduction on an electrodeposited Cu3Sn alloy by experimental and theoretical analyses. The electrodeposited Cu3Sn alloy electrode showed selectivity for CO production at all the applied potentials, and HCOOH production increased with an increase in the applied potential. In particular, hydrocarbon generation was well suppressed on Cu3Sn(002). To understand this selectivity change in electrochemical CO, reduction, we conducted density functional theory calculations for the reaction on the Cu3Sn(002) surface. According to the theoretical analysis, the Cu sites in Cu3Sn(002) contributed more to the stabilization of H*, COOH*, and CO* as compared with the Sn sites. Furthermore, the results indicated that Cu3Sn(002) decreased the surface coverage of reaction intermediates such as H*, COOH*, and CO*. We believe that these effects promoted CO* desorption while suppressing H-2 generation, CO* protonation, and C C bond formation. The results also suggested that the surface Sn concentration significantly affected the reaction selectivity for HCOOH production from CO2. Doi:10.1021_acs.jpcc.8b11431
alloy&&alloy&&Self-Supported Nanoporous Au3Cu Electrode with Enriched Gold on Surface for Efficient Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 The key to the electrochemical conversion of CO2 lies in the development of efficient electrocatalysts with ease of operation, good conductivity, and rich active sites that fulfil the desired reaction direction and selectivity. Herein, an oxidative etching of Au20Cu80 alloy is used for the synthesis of a nanoporous Au3Cu alloy, representing a facile strategy for tuning the surface electronic properties and altering the adsorption behavior of the intermediates. HRTEM, XPS, and EXAFS results reveal that the curved surface of the synthesized nanoporous Au3Cu is rich in gold with unsaturated coordination conditions. It can be used directly as a self-supported electrode for CO2 reduction, and exhibits high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 98.12 % toward CO at a potential of -0.7 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). The FE is 1.47 times that over the as-made single nanoporous Au. Density functional theory reveals that *CO has a relatively long distance on the surface of nanoporous Au3Cu, making desorption of CO easier and avoiding CO poisoning. The Hirshfeld charge distribution shows that the Au atoms have a negative charge and the Cu atoms exhibit a positive charge, which separately bond to the C atom and O atom in the *COOH intermediate through a bidentate mode. This affords the lowest *COOH adsorption free energy and low desorption energy for CO molecules. Doi:10.1002_chem.201904619
Microspheres &&structure control&&Copper-Bismuth Bimetallic Microspheres for Selective Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to Formate main observation and conclusion Electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction holds great promise for reducing the atmospheric CO2 level and alleviating the energy crisis. High-performance electrocatalysts are often required in order to lower the high overpotential and expedite the sluggish reaction kinetics of CO2 electroreduction. Copper is a promising candidate metal. However, it usually suffers from the issues of poor stability and low product selectivity. In this work, bimetallic Cu-Bi is obtained by reducing the microspherical copper bismuthate (CuBi2O4) for selectively catalyzing the CO2 reduction to formate (HCOO-). The bimetallic Cu-Bi electrocatalyst exhibits high activity and selectivity with the Faradic efficiency over 90% in a wide potential window. A maximum Faradaic efficiency of similar to 95% is obtained at -0.93 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode. Furthermore, the catalyst shows high stability over 6 h with Faradaic efficiency of similar to 95%. This study provides an important clue in designing new functional materials for CO2 electroreduction with high activity and selectivity. Doi:10.1002_cjoc.201900010
during the whole process, the morphology and composition of Bi/Cu electrocatalysts varied, indicating that Cu acted as not only the electrode substrates but also the active materials for CO2 reduction.&&composite&&Do Cu Substrates Participate in Bi Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction? Bi based electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction have recently attracted much research attention. Although Cu substrates were mainly used in these material investigations, whether the Cu substrates act as the CO2 reduction electrocatalysts is questionable, and yet disregarded. Herein to comprehensively investigate the influence of Cu substrate on the electrochemical performance, we electro-deposited Bi catalysts on Cu foams. It was found that during the whole process, the morphology and composition of Bi/Cu electrocatalysts varied, indicating that Cu acted as not only the electrode substrates but also the active materials for CO2 reduction. After optimization, Bi/Cu materials achieved high activity of 59.7 mA cm(-2) and selectivity of 95% for CO2 converted formate. Our work provides experimental evidence for the material design and optimization of Bi-based materials for CO2 reduction. Doi:10.1002_cnma.202000611
the mesoporous channels act as a diffusion path for the CO2 molecule, and that the whole Cu surface is accessible to CO2&&composite&&One-Pot Soft-Template Synthesis of Nanostructured Copper-Supported Mesoporous Carbon FDU-15 Electrocatalysts for Efficient CO2 Reduction Copper-supported mesoporous carbon nanocatalysts (Cu/FDU-15) were synthesized using an easy and convenient one-pot soft-template method for low-overvoltage CO2 electroreduction. TEM imaging revealed the presence of large Cu nanoparticles (diameter 140nm) with Cu2O nanoparticles (16nm) as an additional phase. From the electron tomography observations, we found that the copper particles were placed inside and on the exterior surface of the porous FDU-15 support, providing an accessible surface for electrocatalytic reactions. CO2 electrolyses showed that the mesostructured Cu/FDU-15-350 cathode materials were active towards CO2 conversion to formic acid with 22% Faradaic efficiency at a remarkably low overpotential of 290mV, hydrogen being the only side-product. The catalyst's activity correlates to the calculated metallic surface area, as determined from a geometrical model, confirming that the mesoporous channels act as a diffusion path for the CO2 molecule, and that the whole Cu surface is accessible to CO2, even if particles are entrapped in the carbon matrix. Doi:10.1002_cphc.201701352
exposure of the Cu catalytic centers&&atomic level dispersion&&Copper-Based Metal-Organic Porous Materials for CO2 Electrocatalytic Reduction to Alcohols The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 has been investigated using four Cu-based metal-organic porous materials supported on gas diffusion electrodes, namely, (1) HKUST-1 metal-organic framework (MOF), [Cu-3(mu(6)-C9H3O6)(2)](n); (2) CuAdeAce MOF, [Cu-3(mu 3-C5H4N5)(2)](n); (3) CuDTA mesoporous metal-organic aerogel (MOA), [Cu(mu-C2H2N2S2)](n); and (4) CuZnDTA MOA, [Cu0.6Zn0.4(mu-C2H2N2S2)](n). The electrodes show relatively high surface areas, accessibilities, and exposure of the Cu catalytic centers as well as favorable electrocatalytic CO2 reduction performance, that is, they have a high efficiency for the production of methanol and ethanol in the liquid phase. The maximum cumulative Faradaic efficiencies for CO2 conversion at HKUST-1-, CuAdeAce-, CuDTA-, and CuZnDTA-based electrodes are 15.9, 1.2, 6, and 9.9 %, respectively, at a current density of 10 mAcm(-2), an electrolyte-flow/area ratio of 3 mLmincm(-2), and a gas-flow/area ratio of 20 mLmincm(-2). We can correlate these observations with the structural features of the electrodes. Furthermore, HKUST-1- and CuZnDTA-based electrodes show stable electrocatalytic performance for 17 and 12 h, respectively. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201600693
we demonstrate a facile method for tuning the hydrocarbon selectivities on CuOx nanoparticle ensembles by varying the nanoparticle areal density.&&structure control&&Catalyst Particle Density Controls Hydrocarbon Product Selectivity in CO2 Electroreduction on CuOx A key challenge of the carbon dioxide electroreduction (CO2RR) on Cu-based nanoparticles is its low faradic selectivity toward higher-value products such as ethylene. Here, we demonstrate a facile method for tuning the hydrocarbon selectivities on CuOx nanoparticle ensembles by varying the nanoparticle areal density. The sensitive dependence of the experimental ethylene selectivity on catalyst particle areal density is attributed to a diffusional interparticle coupling that controls the de- and re-adsorption of CO and thus the effective coverage of COad intermediates. Thus, higher areal density constitutes dynamically favored conditions for CO re-adsorption and *CO dimerization leading to ethylene formation independent of pH and applied overpotential. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201701179
we designed a sulfur-doped Cu2O-derived Cu catalyst and showed that the presence of sulfur can tune the selectivity of Cu significantly from the production of various CO2 reduction products to almost exclusively formate.&&structure control&&Rational Design of Sulfur-Doped Copper Catalysts for the Selective Electroreduction of Carbon Dioxide to Formate The selective electroreduction of CO2 to formate (or formic acid) is of great interest in the field of renewable-energy utilization. In this work, we designed a sulfur-doped Cu2O-derived Cu catalyst and showed that the presence of sulfur can tune the selectivity of Cu significantly from the production of various CO2 reduction products to almost exclusively formate. Sulfur is doped into the Cu catalysts by dipping the Cu substrates into ammonium polysulfide solutions. Catalyst films with the highest sulfur content of 2.7at% showed the largest formate current density (jHCOO- ) of -13.9mAcm(-2) at -0.9V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE), which is approximately 46 times larger than that previously reported for Cu(110) surfaces. At -0.8V versus RHE, the faradaic efficiency of formate was maintained at approximately 75% for 12h of continuous electrolysis. Through the analysis of the evolution of the jHCOO- and jH2 values with the sulfur content, we show that sulfur doping increases formate production and suppresses the hydrogen evolution reaction. Ag-S and Cu-Se catalysts did not exhibit any significant enhancement towards the reduction of CO2 to formate. This demonstrates clearly that sulfur and copper acted synergistically to promote the selective formation of formate. A hypothesis about the role of sulfur is proposed and discussed. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201701314
pairing Cu catalysts with CO2 capture supports is a promising approach for designing highly effective CO2 reduction electrocatalysts.&&composite&&Promoting Ethylene Selectivity from CO2 Electroreduction on CuO Supported onto CO2 Capture Materials Cu is a unique catalyst for CO2 electroreduction, since it can catalyze CO2 reduction to a series of hydrocarbons, alcohols, and carboxylic acids. Nevertheless, such Cu catalysts suffer from poor selectivity. High pressure of CO2 is considered to facilitate the activity and selectivity of CO2 reduction. Herein, a new strategy is presented for CO2 reduction with improved C2H4 selectivity on a Cu catalyst by using CO2 capture materials as the support at ambient pressure. N-doped carbon (NxC) was synthesized through high-temperature carbonization of melamine and L-lysine. We observed that the CO2 uptake capacity of NxC depends on both the microporous area and the content of pyridinic N species, which can be controlled by the carbonization temperature (600-800 degrees C). The as-prepared CuO/NxC catalysts exhibit a considerably higher C2H4 faradaic efficiency (36%) than CuO supported on XC-72 carbon black (19%), or unsupported CuO (20%). Moreover, there is a good linear relationship between the C2H4 faradaic efficiency and CO2 uptake capacity of the supports for CuO. The local high CO2 concentration near Cu catalysts, created by CO2 capture materials, was proposed to increase the coverage of CO intermediate, which is favorable for the coupling of two CO units in the formation of C2H4. This study demonstrates that pairing Cu catalysts with CO2 capture supports is a promising approach for designing highly effective CO2 reduction electrocatalysts. Doi:10.1002_cssc.201702338
The enhancements are attributed to the increased local CO availability near the copper surface via effective CO2 to CO conversion on neighboring NiNC. &&composite&&NeWVapor-Fed Electrolyzers for Carbon Dioxide Reduction Using Tandem Electrocatalysts: Cuprous Oxide Coupled with Nickel-Coordinated Nitrogen-Doped Carbon  Ethylene is particularly attractive due to its major importance as a feedstock for various applications including the polymer industry. As such, catalyst and electrolyzer developments are crucial to achieve industrially relevant ethylene production and efficiency levels. Here, a tandem electrocatalyst composed of copper nanocubes and nickel-coordinated nitrogen-doped carbon (NiNC) is presented, which is integrated into gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) for direct conversion of vapor-fed CO2 into ethylene. Evaluation of tandem GDEs in the vapor-fed flow electrolyzer shows significantly increased ethylene selectivity in terms of faradaic efficiency and C2H4/CO ratio compared to a non-tandem copper GDE. The enhancements are attributed to the increased local CO availability near the copper surface via effective CO2 to CO conversion on neighboring NiNC. The experimental results are validated by 3D resolved continuum simulations, which show increased flux of higher-order products with the added CO flux from NiNC. The practical viability of Cu/NiNC catalyst is further evaluated in a membrane electrode assembly electrolyzer, achieving 40% FE toward ethylene at 150 mA cm(-2) and 3.2 V. These findings highlight the high selectivity and formation rate of ethylene achieved by successful device integration of the Cu/NiNC catalyst, demonstrating the potential for implementation in large-scale sustainable CO2 electrolyzers.  DOI:10.1002_adfm.202113252
On one hand, NCDs reduce the electron transfer resistance between Cu/CuO particles, increasing the overall electron transfer rate by 37%; on the other hand, NCDs with electron sink effect can increase the electron concentration on catalyst surface significantly. &&composite&&NeWAmino Modified Carbon Dots with Electron Sink Effect Increase Interface Charge Transfer Rate of Cu-Based Electrocatalyst to Enhance the CO2 Conversion Selectivity to C2H4  Electrocatalytic conversion of CO2 to valuable products, especially for ethylene (C2H4), is an urgent challenge in material science and catalysis. Cu-based materials are the most promising catalysts to realize C-2 products from CO2 reduction, while, they often suffer from the poor selectivity and efficiency. Here, it is shown that -NH2-modified carbon dots (NCDs) can regulate the electron transfer behavior on Cu/CuO catalyst, and then enhance the CO2 conversion selectivity to C2H4. The selectivity of C2H4 (in carbon products) on NCDs/Cu/CuO composites is increased by 1.2 times when compared with that of Cu/CuO catalysts. NCDs increase the adsorption capacity of catalysts to CO2 by 18.2%. Transient photo-induced voltage (TPV) tests are used to reveal the effect of NCDs on electron transfer behavior at the catalyst interface. On one hand, NCDs reduce the electron transfer resistance between Cu/CuO particles, increasing the overall electron transfer rate by 37%; on the other hand, NCDs with electron sink effect can increase the electron concentration on catalyst surface significantly. These effects significantly promote the C-C coupling reactions over NCDs/Cu/CuO composite catalysts. This work provides a new understanding and approach to address the challenges of improving electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to multi-carbon products.  DOI:10.1002_adfm.202113335
the authors report the delicate synthesis of three kinds of Ag-Cu Janus nanostructures with {100} facets (JNS-100) for highly selective tandem electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products&&composite&&NeWConfined Growth of Silver-Copper Janus Nanostructures with {100} Facets for Highly Selective Tandem Electrocatalytic Carbon Dioxide Reduction  Electrocatalytic carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) holds significant potential to promote carbon neutrality. However, the selectivity toward multicarbon products in CO2RR is still too low to meet practical applications. Here the authors report the delicate synthesis of three kinds of Ag-Cu Janus nanostructures with {100} facets (JNS-100) for highly selective tandem electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products. By controlling the surfactant and reduction kinetics of Cu precursor, the confined growth of Cu with {100} facets on one of the six equal faces of Ag nanocubes is realized. Compared with Cu nanocubes, Ag-65-Cu-35 JNS-100 demonstrates much superior selectivity for both ethylene and multicarbon products in CO2RR at less negative potentials. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the compensating electronic structure and carbon monoxide spillover in Ag-65-Cu-35 JNS-100 contribute to the enhanced CO2RR performance. This study provides an effective strategy to design advanced tandem catalysts toward the extensive application of CO2RR.  DOI:10.1002_adma.202110607
a combined structure with Cu+ and high-facets as electrocatalysts is constructed by creating high-facets of wrinkled Cu surrounded by Cu2O mesh patterns&&structure control&&NeWSynergistic Effect of Cu2O Mesh Pattern on High-Facet Cu Surface for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol  Although the electroconversion of carbon dioxide (CO2) into ethanol is considered to be one of the most promising ways of using CO2, the ethanol selectivity is less than 50% because of difficulties in designing an optimal catalyst that arise from the complicated pathways for the electroreduction of CO2 to ethanol. Several approaches including the fabrication of oxide-derived structures, atomic surface control, and the Cu+/Cu interfaces have been primarily used to produce ethanol from CO2. Here, a combined structure with Cu+ and high-facets as electrocatalysts is constructed by creating high-facets of wrinkled Cu surrounded by Cu2O mesh patterns. Using chemical vapor deposition graphene growth procedures, the insufficiently grown graphene is used as an oxidation-masking material, and the high-facet wrinkled Cu is simultaneously generated during the graphene growth synthesis. The resulting electrocatalyst shows an ethanol selectivity of 43% at -0.8 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode, which is one of the highest ethanol selectivity values reported thus far. This is attributed to the role of Cu+ in enhancing CO binding strength, and the high-facets, which favor C-C coupling and the ethanol pathway. This method for generating the combined structure can be widely applicable not only for electrochemical catalysts but also in various fields.  DOI:10.1002_adma.202106028
Such a combination of unique structural features with local reaction environment offers two important factors for facilitating C-C coupling.&&structure control&&NeWStructural Reconstruction of Cu2O Superparticles toward Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction with High C2+ Products Selectivity  Structural reconstruction is a process commonly observed for Cu-based catalysts in electrochemical CO2 reduction. The Cu-based precatalysts with structural complexity often undergo sophisticated structural reconstruction processes, which may offer opportunities for enhancing the electrosynthesis of multicarbon products (C2+ products) but remain largely uncertain due to various new structural features possibly arising during the processes. In this work, the Cu2O superparticles with an assembly structure are demonstrated to undergo complicated structure evolution under electrochemical reduction condition, enabling highly selective CO2-to-C2+ products conversion in electrocatalysis. As revealed by electron microscopic characterization together with in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy and Raman spectroscopy, the building blocks inside the superparticle fuse to generate numerous grain boundaries while those in the outer shell detach to form nanogap structures that can efficiently confine OH- to induce high local pH. Such a combination of unique structural features with local reaction environment offers two important factors for facilitating C-C coupling. Consequently, the Cu2O superparticle-derived catalyst achieves high faradaic efficiencies of 53.2% for C2H4 and 74.2% for C2+ products, surpassing the performance of geometrically simpler Cu2O cube-derived catalyst and most reported Cu electrocatalysts under comparable conditions. This work provides insights for rationally designing highly selective CO2 reduction electrocatalysts by controlling structural reconstruction.  DOI:10.1002_advs.202105292
low-crystalline trimetallic (AuCuIn) CO2 electroreduction catalyst&&structure control&&NeWLow-Crystalline AuCuIn Catalyst for Gaseous CO2 Electrolyzer  Despite its importance for the establishment of a carbon-neutral society, the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to value-added products has not been commercialized yet because of its sluggish kinetics and low selectivity. The present work reports the fabrication of a low-crystalline trimetallic (AuCuIn) CO2 electroreduction catalyst and demonstrates its high performance in a gaseous CO2 electrolyzer. The high Faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO formation observed at a low overpotential in a half-cell test is ascribed to the controlled crystallinity and composition of this catalyst as well as to its faster charge transfer, downshifted d-band center, and low oxophilicity. The gaseous CO2 electrolyzer with the optimal catalyst as the cathode exhibits superior cell performance with a high CO FE and production rate, outperforming state-of-the-art analogs. Thus, the obtained results pave the way to the commercialization of CO2 electrolyzers and promote the establishment of a greener society.  DOI:10.1002_advs.202104908
The CuO nanosheets are prone to in situ restructuring during CO2 reduction, forming abundant grain boundaries (GBs). Stable Cu+/Cu-0 interfaces are derived from the low-coordinated Cu atoms in the reconstructed GB regions and act as highly active sites for CO2 reduction at low overpotentials.&&structure control&&NeWGrain Boundary-Derived Cu+/Cu-0 Interfaces in CuO Nanosheets for Low Overpotential Carbon Dioxide Electroreduction to Ethylene  Electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction can be used to produce value-added hydrocarbon fuels and chemicals by coupling with clean electrical energy. However, highly active, selective, and energy-efficient CO2 conversion to multicarbon hydrocarbons, such as C2H4, remains challenging because of the lack of efficient catalysts. Herein, an ultrasonication-assisted electrodeposition strategy to synthesize CuO nanosheets for low-overpotential CO2 electroreduction to C2H4 is reported. A high C2H4 Faradaic efficiency of 62.5% is achieved over the CuO nanosheets at a small potential of -0.52 V versus a reversible hydrogen electrode, corresponding to a record high half-cell cathodic energy efficiency of 41%. The selectivity toward C2H4 is maintained for over 60 h of continuous operation. The CuO nanosheets are prone to in situ restructuring during CO2 reduction, forming abundant grain boundaries (GBs). Stable Cu+/Cu-0 interfaces are derived from the low-coordinated Cu atoms in the reconstructed GB regions and act as highly active sites for CO2 reduction at low overpotentials. In situ Raman spectroscopic analysis and density functional theory computation reveal that the Cu+/Cu-0 interfaces offer high *CO surface coverage and lower the activation energy barrier for *CO dimerization, which, in synergy, facilitates CO2 reduction to C2H4 at low overpotentials.  DOI:10.1002_advs.202200454
a surface Sn content of 13 at. % predominantly present as oxidized Sn&&structure control&&NeWDetermining Structure-Activity Relationships in Oxide Derived Cu-Sn Catalysts During CO2 Electroreduction Using X-Ray Spectroscopy  The development of earth-abundant catalysts for selective electrochemical CO2 conversion is a central challenge. Cu-Sn bimetallic catalysts can yield selective CO2 reduction toward either CO or formate. This study presents oxide-derived Cu-Sn catalysts tunable for either product and seeks to understand the synergetic effects between Cu and Sn causing these selectivity trends. The materials undergo significant transformations under CO2 reduction conditions, and their dynamic bulk and surface structures are revealed by correlating observations from multiple methods-X-ray absorption spectroscopy for in situ study, and quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy for surface sensitivity. For both types of catalysts, Cu transforms to metallic Cu-0 under reaction conditions. However, the Sn speciation and content differ significantly between the catalyst types: the CO-selective catalysts exhibit a surface Sn content of 13 at. % predominantly present as oxidized Sn, while the formate-selective catalysts display an Sn content of approximate to 70 at. % consisting of both metallic Sn-0 and Sn oxide species. Density functional theory simulations suggest that Sn delta+ sites weaken CO adsorption, thereby enhancing CO selectivity, while Sn-0 sites hinder H adsorption and promote formate production. This study reveals the complex dependence of catalyst structure, composition, and speciation with electrochemical bias in bimetallic Cu catalysts.  DOI:10.1002_aenm.202103328
an Sn content of approximate to 70 at. % consisting of both metallic Sn-0 and Sn oxide species&&structure control&&NeWDetermining Structure-Activity Relationships in Oxide Derived Cu-Sn Catalysts During CO2 Electroreduction Using X-Ray Spectroscopy  The development of earth-abundant catalysts for selective electrochemical CO2 conversion is a central challenge. Cu-Sn bimetallic catalysts can yield selective CO2 reduction toward either CO or formate. This study presents oxide-derived Cu-Sn catalysts tunable for either product and seeks to understand the synergetic effects between Cu and Sn causing these selectivity trends. The materials undergo significant transformations under CO2 reduction conditions, and their dynamic bulk and surface structures are revealed by correlating observations from multiple methods-X-ray absorption spectroscopy for in situ study, and quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy for surface sensitivity. For both types of catalysts, Cu transforms to metallic Cu-0 under reaction conditions. However, the Sn speciation and content differ significantly between the catalyst types: the CO-selective catalysts exhibit a surface Sn content of 13 at. % predominantly present as oxidized Sn, while the formate-selective catalysts display an Sn content of approximate to 70 at. % consisting of both metallic Sn-0 and Sn oxide species. Density functional theory simulations suggest that Sn delta+ sites weaken CO adsorption, thereby enhancing CO selectivity, while Sn-0 sites hinder H adsorption and promote formate production. This study reveals the complex dependence of catalyst structure, composition, and speciation with electrochemical bias in bimetallic Cu catalysts.  DOI:10.1002_aenm.202103328
poly(ionic liquid) (PIL)-based Cu-0-Cu-I tandem catalyst&&composite&&NeWHighly Efficient Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction to C2+ Products on a Poly(ionic liquid)-Based Cu-0-Cu-I Tandem Catalyst  Electroreduction of CO2 on a polymer-modified Cu-based catalyst has shown high multi-electron reduction (>2 e(-)) selectivity, however, most of the corresponding current densities are still too small to support industrial applications. In this work, we designed a poly(ionic liquid) (PIL)-based Cu-0-Cu-I tandem catalyst for the production of C2+ products with both high reaction rate and high selectivity. Remarkably, a high C2+ faradaic efficiency (FEC2+) of 76.1 % with a high partial current density of 304.2 mA cm(-2) is obtained. Mechanistic studies reveal the numbers and highly dispersed Cu-0-PIL-Cu-I interfaces are vital for such reactivity. Specifically, Cu nanoparticles derived Cu-0-PIL interfaces account for high current density and a moderate C(2+ )selectivity, whereas Cu-I species derived PIL-Cu-I interfaces exhibit high activity for C-C coupling with the local enriched *CO intermediate. Furthermore, the presence of the PIL layer promotes the C2+ selectivity by lowering the barrier of C-C coupling.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202110657
ultrathin CuGaO2 nanosheets with highly exposed single-interlayered Cu edges&&structure control&&NeWHighly-Exposed Single-Interlayered Cu Edges Enable High-Rate CO2-to-CH4 Electrosynthesis  The electrochemical CO2 reduction to CH4 is a promising approach for producing highly specific combustion fuel but has relatively poor selectivity and activity at high-current-density electrolysis. In this work, ultrathin CuGaO2 nanosheets with highly exposed single-interlayered Cu edges are synthesized via an induced anisotropic growth strategy. Density functional theory calculations indicate that the exposed single-interlayered Cu(I) edges on the (001) surface of CuGaO2 present a high-density of single-atomic Cu sites, which feature excellent CO2 electroreduction catalytic activity toward CH4. The CuGaO2 nanosheet catalysts exhibit efficient and stable CO2-to-CH4 electroreduction with Faradaic efficiency (FECH4) of 71.7% at a high current density of -1 A cm(-2), corresponding to a superior CH4 partial current density of 717 +/- 33 mA cm(-2). This work suggests an attractive design strategy for tuning both the crystal facets and Cu-Cu distance to promote the CH4 electrosynthesis at high-current-density CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1002_aenm.202200195
Such optimized CER properties could be ascribed to the favorable merits brought by the cation-deficiency-induced oxygen vacancies and/or CuO/RP hybrids&&defect&&NeWCation-Deficiency-Dependent CO2 Electroreduction over Copper-Based Ruddlesden-Popper Perovskite Oxides  We report an effective strategy to enhance CO2 electroreduction (CER) properties of Cu-based Ruddlesden-Popper (RP) perovskite oxides by engineering their A-site cation deficiencies. With La2-xCuO4-delta (L2-xC, x=0, 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3) as proof-of-concept catalysts, we demonstrate that their CER activity and selectivity (to C2+ or CH4) show either a volcano-type or an inverted volcano-type dependence on the x values, with the extreme point at x=0.1. Among them, at -1.4 V, the L1.9C delivers the optimal activity (51.3 mA cm(-2)) and selectivity (41.5 %) for C2+, comparable to or better than those of most reported Cu-based oxides, while the L1.7C exhibits the best activity (25.1 mA cm(-2)) and selectivity (22.1 %) for CH4. Such optimized CER properties could be ascribed to the favorable merits brought by the cation-deficiency-induced oxygen vacancies and/or CuO/RP hybrids, including the facilitated adsorption/activation of key reaction species and thus the manipulated reaction pathways.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202111670
Isolated Cu-SMotifs&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWHighly Ethylene-Selective Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction Enabled by Isolated Cu-SMotifs in Metal-Organic Framework Based Precatalysts  Copper-based materials are efficient electrocatalysts for the conversion of CO2 to C2+ products, and most these materials are reconstructed in situ to regenerate active species. It is a challenge to precisely design precatalysts to obtain active sites for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, we develop a strategy based on local sulfur doping of a Cu-based metal-organic framework precatalyst, in which the stable Cu-S motif is dispersed in the framework of HKUST-1 (S-HKUST1). The precatalyst exhibits a high ethylene selectivity in an H-type cell with a maximum faradaic efficiency (FE) of 60.0%, and delivers a current density of 400 mA cm(-2) with an ethylene FE up to 57.2% in a flow cell. Operando X-ray absorption results demonstrate that Cu delta+ species stabilized by the Cu-S motif exist in S-HKUST-1 during CO2RR. Density functional theory calculations indicate the partially oxidized Cu delta+ at the Cu/CuxSy interface is favorable for coupling of the *CO intermediate due to the modest distance between coupling sites and optimized adsorption energy.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202111700
 the in situ generated Cu2O/Cu interface plays a key role in determining the selectivity of methane formation&&structure control&&NeWThe Crystal Plane is not the Key Factor for CO2-to-Methane Electrosynthesis on Reconstructed Cu2O Microparticles  Cu2O microparticles with controllable crystal planes and relatively high stability have been recognized as a good platform to understand the mechanism of the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, we demonstrate that the in situ generated Cu2O/Cu interface plays a key role in determining the selectivity of methane formation, rather than the initial crystal plane of the reconstructed Cu2O microparticles. Experimental results indicate that the methane evolution is dominated on all three different crystal planes with similar Tafel slopes and long-term stabilities. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations further reveal that *CO is protonated via a similar bridge configuration at the Cu2O/Cu interface, regardless of the initial crystal planes of Cu2O. The Gibbs free energy changes (Delta G) of *CHO on different reconstructed Cu2O planes are close and more negative than that of *OCCOH, indicating the methane formation is more favorable than ethylene on all Cu2O crystal planes.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202114080
The reconstructed Cu2P2O7 catalyst has a high electrochemically active surface area, abundant defects, and low-coordinated sites.&&defect&&NeWA Reconstructed Cu2P2O7 Catalyst for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to Multicarbon Products  The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) over Cu-based catalysts shows great potential for converting CO2 into multicarbon (C2+) fuels and chemicals. Herein, we introduce an A(2)M(2)O(7) structure into a Cu-based catalyst through a solid-state reaction synthesis method. The Cu2P2O7 catalyst is electrochemically reduced to metallic Cu with a significant structure evolution from grain aggregates to highly porous structure under CO2RR conditions. The reconstructed Cu2P2O7 catalyst achieves a Faradaic efficiency of 73.6 % for C2+ products at an applied current density of 350 mA cm(-2), remarkably higher than the CuO counterparts. The reconstructed Cu2P2O7 catalyst has a high electrochemically active surface area, abundant defects, and low-coordinated sites. In situ Raman spectroscopy and density functional theory calculations reveal that CO adsorption with bridge and atop configurations is largely improved on Cu with defects and low-coordinated sites, which decreased the energy barrier of the C-C coupling reaction for C2+ products.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202114238
via rational design of in situ anchoring of Cu SAs (single atoms) on the unique platform graphdiyne&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWConstructing Cu-C Bonds in a Graphdiyne-Regulated Cu Single-Atom Electrocatalyst for CO2 Reduction to CH4  Regulating intermediates through elaborate catalyst design to control the reaction direction is crucial for promoting the selectivity of electrocatalytic CO2-to-CH4. M-C (M=metal) bonds are particularly important for tuning the multi-electron reaction; however, its construction in nanomaterials is challenging. Here, via rational design of in situ anchoring of Cu SAs (single atoms) on the unique platform graphdiyne, we firstly realize the construction of a chemical bond Cu-C (GDY). In situ Raman spectroelectrochemistry and DFT calculations confirm that due to the fabrication of the Cu-C bond, during CO2 reduction, the formation of *OCHO intermediates is dominant rather than *COOH on Cu atoms, facilitating the formation of CH4. Therefore, we find that constructing the Cu-C bond in Cu SAs/GDY can supply an efficient charge transfer channel, but most importantly control the reaction intermediates and guide a more facile reaction pathway to CH4, thereby significantly boosting its catalytic performance. This work provides new insights on enhancing the selectivity for CO2RR at the atomic level.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202203569
The enlarged surface area could strengthen the local pH effect near the surface of Cu electrode and suppress the generation of C-1 products as well as H-2.&&structure control&&NeWRoughness Effect of Cu on Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction towards C2H4  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to produce valuable multi-carbon products is a promising avenue for promoting CO2 conversion and achieving renewable energy storage, and it has also attracted considerable attention recently. However, the synthesis of Cu electrode with a controllable electrochemical active surface area (ECSA) to understand its role in CO2 reduction to C2H4 remains challenging. Herein, a series of Cu electrodes with different ECSA is synthesized through a simple oxidation-reduction approach. We reveal that the improved selectivity of C2H4 is proportional to the ECSA of Cu in the low ECSA range, and a further increase in ECSA has a negligible effect on its selectivity. The enlarged surface area could strengthen the local pH effect near the surface of Cu electrode and suppress the generation of C-1 products as well as H-2. The study provides a feasible strategy to rationally design electrocatalysts with high electrochemical CO2 reduction performances.  DOI:10.1002_asia.202200380
By changing the size of ligand side groups, the C2H4/CH4 selectivity ratio can be gradually tuned and inversed from 11.8 : 1 to 1 : 2.6&&structure control&&NeWFlexible Cuprous Triazolate Frameworks as Highly Stable and Efficient Electrocatalysts for CO2 Reduction with Tunable C2H4/CH4 Selectivity  Cu-based metal-organic frameworks have attracted much attention for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction, but they are generally instable and difficult to control the product selectivity. We report flexible Cu(I) triazolate frameworks as efficient, stable, and tunable electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction to C2H4/CH4. By changing the size of ligand side groups, the C2H4/CH4 selectivity ratio can be gradually tuned and inversed from 11.8 : 1 to 1 : 2.6, giving C2H4, CH4, and hydrocarbon selectivities up to 51 %, 56 %, and 77 %, respectively. After long-term electrocatalysis, they can retain the structures/morphologies without formation of Cu-based inorganic species. Computational simulations showed that the coordination geometry of Cu(I) changed from triangular to tetrahedral to bind the reaction intermediates, and two adjacent Cu(I) cooperated for C-C coupling to form C2H4. Importantly, the ligand side groups controlled the catalyst flexibility by the steric hindrance mechanism, and the C2H4 pathway is more sensitive than the CH4 one.  DOI:10.1002_anie.202204967
The improvements in activity and selectivity of the AuCu foam might be attributed to the synergistic effect between the highly dispersed amorphous Cu and the matrix of Au.&&composite&&NeWAmorphous Copper-modified Gold Interface Promotes Selective CO2 Electroreduction to CO  Electroreduction of CO2 into valuable chemicals exhibits promising application potentials. Herein, a kind of nano-porous AuCu foam which possesses amorphous copper (Cu)-modified gold (Au) interface was designed for highly selective electroreduction CO2 into CO. As-obtained Au0.95Cu0.05 foam exhibits a Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 99.5 % for CO with a current density of 31.3 mA cm(-2). Compared with other Au-based electrocatalysts, Au0.95Cu0.05 foam shows a lower overpotential of 240 mV. The improvements in activity and selectivity of the AuCu foam might be attributed to the synergistic effect between the highly dispersed amorphous Cu and the matrix of Au. Detailed characterization indicates that the twisty nanowire morphology imparts multiple reactive sites on the electrode surface. The study demonstrates that amorphous Cu on the AuCu foam surface can boost CO2 activation by modifying the surface geometry and electronic structure. This finding provides a new strategy of modifying the metal interface to construct electrocatalyst.  DOI:10.1002_cctc.202200109
Ag Core/Porous Cu Shell Nanoparticles&&structure control&&NeWCombining Nanoconfinement in Ag Core/Porous Cu Shell Nanoparticles with Gas Diffusion Electrodes for Improved Electrocatalytic Carbon Dioxide Reduction  Bimetallic silver-copper electrocatalysts are promising materials for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to fuels and multi-carbon molecules. Here, we combine Ag core/porous Cu shell particles, which entrap reaction intermediates and thus facilitate the formation of C2+ products at low overpotentials, with gas diffusion electrodes (GDE). Mass transport plays a crucial role in the product selectivity in CO2RR. Conventional H-cell configurations suffer from limited CO2 diffusion to the reaction zone, thus decreasing the rate of the CO2RR. In contrast, in the case of GDE-based cells, the CO2RR takes place under enhanced mass transport conditions. Hence, investigation of the Ag core/porous Cu shell particles at the same potentials under different mass transport regimes reveals: (i) a variation of product distribution including C-3 products, and (ii) a significant change in the local OH- activity under operation.  DOI:10.1002_celc.202100906
The composition of the CuxPdy alloy played a significant role in determining the nature of the nanosheet structure and the product selectivity.&&alloy&&NeWUltra-thin Pd and CuPd Bimetallic Alloy Nanosheets for Electrochemical Reduction of CO2  Pd is an attractive electrocatalyst for the conversion of CO2 to CO. Herein, we report the synthesis of ultrathin Pd nanosheets with a (111) exposed facet which enables CO evolution to be achieved in a CO2 saturated 0.1 m KHCO3 solution in a conventional H-cell with a faradaic efficiency of 74 +/- 4 % at -0.75 V vs RHE and a partial current density (calculated based on the geometric area) of -0.65 mA cm(-2). Further, to reduce the cost, Cu was introduced into the Pd nanosheets to form CuxPdy bimetallic alloy nanosheets with (111) exposed planes. The composition of the CuxPdy alloy played a significant role in determining the nature of the nanosheet structure and the product selectivity. When 50 % of the Pd was replaced by Cu, competitive CO evolution could still be achieved relative to use of purely Pd nanosheets with 57 +/- 5 % of CO achieved at -0.85 V vs RHE and a partial current density of -0.9 mA cm(-2). Under flow-cell conditions with a higher CO2 mass transport rate, CuPd nanosheets exhibited enhanced current densities in the range of -5 mA cm(-2) to -35 mA cm(-2) but with a negligible change in faradaic efficiencies irrespective of the applied potential in a 1.0 m KHCO3 medium. The use of a 1.0 m KOH solution further improved the catalytic performance generating 71 +/- 3 % of CO with a partial current density of -58 +/- 2 mA cm(-2) at a low potential of -0.6 V vs RHE. Post electrolysis characterization revealed structural transformations occurred during electrolysis that impacted the product selectivity of some catalysts.  DOI:10.1002_celc.202101227
It is found that Cu/Bi bi-metallic system is beneficial to lower the activate energy barrier of CO2 and shows a stronger adsorption capability for the CO2 . (-) intermediate than that of reference Bi/Bi2O3@C without Cu species.&&composite&&NeWMOF-Derived Cu/Bi Bi-metallic Catalyst to Enhance Selectivity Toward Formate for CO2 Electroreduction  Converting CO2 into high-value liquid products is a promising strategy to alleviate energy crisis. Herein, a novel Cu/Bi bi-metal catalyst derived from MOFs has been prepared by a hydrothermal synthesis combining with high temperature calcination under N-2 atmosphere, which shows cylindrical morphology composed of bi-metallic nanoparticles. It is found that Cu/Bi bi-metallic system is beneficial to lower the activate energy barrier of CO2 and shows a stronger adsorption capability for the CO2 . (-) intermediate than that of reference Bi/Bi2O3@C without Cu species. XPS analysis indicates the boosted performance for CO2 reduction reaction, which could be ascribed to synergistic coordination of Bi-0 and Bi3+ in the catalyst. The optimized Cu-1-Bi/Bi2O3@C exhibits excellent selectivity toward HCOOH with faradaic efficiency (FE) exceeding 84 % between -0.84 and -1.14 V vs. RHE, and even reaching 93 % at -0.94 V vs. RHE. The obtained Cu/Bi bi-metal catalyst shows a promising application prospect in the CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1002_celc.202101648
site-isolation by dispersion of a molecular catalyst is an effective way to increase the catalyst stability and tune the product selectivity for CO2RR electrocatalysis.&&composite&&NeWA Graphene-Supported Copper Complex as Site-Isolated Catalyst for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction  The electrochemical reduction of CO2 has been recognized as one of the best strategies to reduce atmospheric CO2 levels and achieve a carbon-neutral economy. We report here a copper complex, Cu(salan)(2), as an efficient CO2 reduction catalyst in basic aqueous media. Cu(salan)(2) exhibited different catalytic behaviors in nanocrystalline and graphene-supported forms. As nanocrystals, the complex did not show high catalytic activity and gradually decomposed into Cu2O upon electrolysis. However, when dispersed on a graphene matrix, Cu(salan)(2) exhibited a moderate-to-high CO selectivity and remained stable in long-term electrolysis. This work shows that site-isolation by dispersion of a molecular catalyst is an effective way to increase the catalyst stability and tune the product selectivity for CO2RR electrocatalysis.  DOI:10.1002_celc.202200023
the rGO modification can enhance ethanol selectivity through a probable tandem electrocatalysis mechanism&&composite&&NeWReduced Graphene Oxide Overlayer on Copper Nanocube Electrodes Steers the Selectivity Towards Ethanol in Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide  Developing copper-based electrocatalysts that favor high-value multi-carbon oxygenates is desired, given their use as platform chemicals and as a direct fuel for transportation. Combining a CO-selective catalyst with copper shifts the selectivity of CO2 electroreduction toward C-2 products. Herein, we developed a reduced graphene oxide (rGO)-modified copper nanocube electrocatalyst that could shift the selectivity of CO2 electroreduction towards ethanol (Faradaic efficiency 76. 84 % at -0.9 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)). Spectroelectrochemical Raman analysis reveals a higher population of *C2HxOy intermediates at -0.9 V vs. RHE on the rGO-modified copper nanocube electrocatalyst surface, which coincides with the highest faradaic efficiency of ethanol upon CO2 electroreduction at the same potential. Our results demonstrate that the rGO modification can enhance ethanol selectivity through a probable tandem electrocatalysis mechanism and provide insights into controlling electrocatalytic activity and product selectivity in the CO2 electroreduction reaction.  DOI:10.1002_celc.202200259
Cu clusters&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWMolecular Stabilization of Sub-Nanometer Cu Clusters for Selective CO2 Electromethanation  Electrochemical CO2 methanation powered by renewable electricity provides a promising approach to utilizing CO2 in the form of a high-energy-density, clean fuel. Cu nanoclusters have been predicted by theoretical calculations to improve methane selectivity. Direct electrochemical reduction of Cu-based metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) results in large-size Cu nanoparticles which favor multi-carbon products. This study concerns an electrochemical oxidation-reduction method to prepare Cu clusters from MOFs. The derived Cu clusters exhibit a faradaic efficiency of 51.2 % for CH4 with a partial current density of >150 mA cm(-2). High-resolution microscopy, in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy, in situ Raman spectroscopy, and a range of ex situ spectroscopies indicate that the distinctive CH4 selectivity is due to the sub-nanometer size of the derived materials, as well as stabilization of the clusters by residual ligands of the pristine MOF. This work offers a new insight into steering product selectivity of Cu by an electrochemical processing method.  DOI:10.1002_cssc.202102010
two mechanisms operate simultaneously towards the production of HCO2H and C-C-coupled products on the Cu/Ag bimetallic surface.&&composite&&NeWRedox Replacement of Silver on MOF-Derived Cu/C Nanoparticles on Gas Diffusion Electrodes for Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction  Bimetallic tandem catalysts have emerged as a promising strategy to locally increase the CO flux during electrochemical CO2 reduction, so as to maximize the rate of conversion to C-C-coupled products. Considering this, a novel Cu/C-Ag nanostructured catalyst has been prepared by a redox replacement process, in which the ratio of the two metals can be tuned by the replacement time. An optimum Cu/Ag composition with similarly sized particles showed the highest CO2 conversion to C2+ products compared to non-Ag-modified gas-diffusion electrodes. Gas chromatography and in-situ Raman measurements in a CO2 gas diffusion cell suggest the formation of top-bound linear adsorbed *CO followed by consumption of CO in the successive cascade steps, as evidenced by the increasing nu C-H bands. These findings suggest that two mechanisms operate simultaneously towards the production of HCO2H and C-C-coupled products on the Cu/Ag bimetallic surface.  DOI:10.1002_chem.202104249
the sheet size of the LDH sheet is a critical parameter for determining CO2RR activity.&&structure control&&NeWCopper Aluminum Layered Double Hydroxides with Different Compositions and Morphologies as Electrocatalysts for the Carbon Dioxide Reduction Reaction  Electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR) is a key technology to convert greenhouse gas CO2 to value-added products, such as CO and formic acid (HCOOH). In the present study, two-dimensional Cu- and Al-based layered double hydroxides (Cu-Al/LDHs) were applied as CO2RR catalysts. The catalysts were synthesized using a simple co-precipitation method employing sodium carbonate solutions with different pH and synthesis temperatures. The elemental ratio of Cu and Al, and sheet size were controlled. The most active Cu-Al/LDH showed a faradaic efficiency for CO generation of 42 % and one for formate generation of 22 % at the current density of 50 mA using a gas diffusion electrode system under galvanostatic conditions. Our result indicates that the sheet size of the LDH sheet is a critical parameter for determining CO2RR activity.  DOI:10.1002_cssc.202102340
The high performance was greatly promoted by the hydroxy groups in Cu-PorOH&&structure control&&NeWHydroxy-Group-Functionalized Single Crystal of Copper(II)-Porphyrin Complex for Electroreduction CO2 to CH4  Purposefully developing crystalline materials at molecular level to improve the selectivity of electroreduction CO2 to CH4 is still rarely studied. Herein, a single crystal of copper(II) complex with hydroxy groups was designed and synthesized, namely 5,10,15,20-tetrakis(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)porphyrin copper(II) (Cu-PorOH), which could serve as a highly efficient heterogeneous electrocatalyst for electroreduction of CO2 toward CH4. In 0.5 m KHCO3, Cu-PorOH gave a high faradaic efficiency of 51.3 % for CH4 and drove a partial current density of 23.2 mA cm(-2) at -1.5 V versus the reversible hydrogen electrode in H-cell. The high performance was greatly promoted by the hydroxy groups in Cu-PorOH, which could not only form stable three-dimensional frameworks through hydrogen-bonding interactions but also stabilize the intermediate species by hydrogen bonds, as supported by density functional theory calculations. This work provides an effective avenue in exploring crystalline catalysts for CO2 reduction at molecular level.  DOI:10.1002_cssc.202102528
a series of Co-II porphyrins (PorCos) with symmetric and asymmetric substituents were used as model of molecular catalysts for CO2 reduction.&&structure control&&NeWMolecular Engineering of Co-II Porphyrins with Asymmetric Architecture for Improved Electrochemical CO2 Reduction  The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) based on molecular catalysts has attracted more attention, owing to their well-defined active sites and rational structural design. Metal porphyrins (PorMs) have the extended pi-conjugated backbone with different transition metals, endowing them with unique CO2 reduction properties. However, few works focus on the investigation of symmetric architecture of PorMs as well as their aggregation behavior to CO2 reduction. In this work, a series of Co-II porphyrins (PorCos) with symmetric and asymmetric substituents were used as model of molecular catalysts for CO2 reduction. Owing to the electron donating effect of 2,6-dimethylbenzene (DMB), bandgaps of the complexes became narrower with the increasing number of DMB. As electrocatalysts, all PorCos exhibited promising electrocatalytic CO2 reduction performance. Among the three molecules, asymmetric Co-II porphyrin (as-PorCo) showed the lowest onset potential of -288 mV and faradaic efficiencies exceeding 93 % at -0.6 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, which is highly competitive among the reported state-of-art porphyrin-based electrocatalysts. The CO2 reduction performance depended on pi-pi stacking between PorCo with carbon nanotubes (CNTs) and adjacent PorCos, which could be readily controlled by atomically positioned DMB in PorCo. Density functional theory calculations also suggested that the charge density between PorCo and CNT was highest due to the weak steric hindrance in as-PorCo, providing the new insight into molecular design of catalysts for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1002_cssc.202200090
the enhanced CO2RR activity of Cu-Bi aerogels could be attributed to the 3D self-supporting structure of the catalysis, synergistic effect, and low interfacial charge transfer resistance.&&structure control&&NeWHigh Performance 3D Self-Supporting Cu-Bi Aerogels for Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to Formate  The electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) to CO, formate, methane, and other high-value compounds is a promising technique. However, current electrocatalysts suffer from drawbacks such as few active catalytic sites, poor selectivity and low stability, etc, which restrict the practical application. Although monatomic metal catalysts have been widely reported in recent years, high performance non-noble metal aerogels were rarely investigated for electrocatalytic CO2RR. Herein, Cu-Bi aerogels with boosted CO2RR activity were well constructed by a simple one-step self-assembly method. The resultant Cu1Bi2 exhibits excellent CO2RR activity with high faradaic efficiency (FE) of 96.57 % towards HCOOH at a potential of -0.9 V vs. RHE, and the FEHCOOH remains over 80.18 % in a wide potential window (-0.8 V to -1.2 V vs. RHE). It demonstrated that the enhanced CO2RR activity of Cu-Bi aerogels could be attributed to the 3D self-supporting structure of the catalysis, synergistic effect, and low interfacial charge transfer resistance.  DOI:10.1002_cssc.202200226
Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the highest Cu delta+/Cu-0 ratio&&structure control&&NeWSwitching CO2 Electroreduction Selectivity Between C-1 and C-2 Hydrocarbons on Cu Gas-Diffusion Electrodes  Regulating the selectivity toward a target hydrocarbon product is still the focus of CO2 electroreduction. Here, we discover that the original surface Cu species in Cu gas-diffusion electrodes plays a more important role than the surface roughness, local pH, and facet in governing the selectivity toward C-1 or C-2 hydrocarbons. The selectivity toward C2H4 progressively increases, while CH4 decreases steadily upon lowering the Cu oxidation species fraction. At a relatively low electrodeposition voltage of 1.5 V, the Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the highest Cu delta+/Cu-0 ratio favors the pathways of *CO hydrogenation to form CH4 with maximum Faradaic efficiency of 65.4% and partial current density of 228 mA cm(-2) at -0.83 V vs RHE. At 2.0 V, the Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the lowest Cu delta+/Cu-0 ratio prefers C-C coupling to form C2+ products with Faradaic efficiency topping 80.1% at -0.75 V vs RHE, where the Faradaic efficiency of C2H4 accounts for 46.4% and the partial current density of C2H4 achieves 279 mA cm(-2). This work demonstrates that the selectivity from CH4 to C2H4 is switchable by tuning surface Cu species composition of Cu gas-diffusion electrodes.  DOI:10.1002_eem2.12307
Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the lowest Cu delta+/Cu-0 rati&&structure control&&NeWSwitching CO2 Electroreduction Selectivity Between C-1 and C-2 Hydrocarbons on Cu Gas-Diffusion Electrodes  Regulating the selectivity toward a target hydrocarbon product is still the focus of CO2 electroreduction. Here, we discover that the original surface Cu species in Cu gas-diffusion electrodes plays a more important role than the surface roughness, local pH, and facet in governing the selectivity toward C-1 or C-2 hydrocarbons. The selectivity toward C2H4 progressively increases, while CH4 decreases steadily upon lowering the Cu oxidation species fraction. At a relatively low electrodeposition voltage of 1.5 V, the Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the highest Cu delta+/Cu-0 ratio favors the pathways of *CO hydrogenation to form CH4 with maximum Faradaic efficiency of 65.4% and partial current density of 228 mA cm(-2) at -0.83 V vs RHE. At 2.0 V, the Cu gas-diffusion electrode with the lowest Cu delta+/Cu-0 ratio prefers C-C coupling to form C2+ products with Faradaic efficiency topping 80.1% at -0.75 V vs RHE, where the Faradaic efficiency of C2H4 accounts for 46.4% and the partial current density of C2H4 achieves 279 mA cm(-2). This work demonstrates that the selectivity from CH4 to C2H4 is switchable by tuning surface Cu species composition of Cu gas-diffusion electrodes.  DOI:10.1002_eem2.12307
a composite electrode containing octahedral Cu2O nanoparticles (NPs) (o-Cu2O) with {111} facets and carbon NPs is constructed, which experimentally inhibits C2H5OH production while strongly enhancing C2H4 selectivity compared with o-Cu2O electrode.&&composite&&NeWPromoting Electrocatalytic Reduction of CO2 to C2H4 Production by Inhibiting C2H5OH Desorption from Cu2O/C Composite  The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) has great potential in realizing carbon recycling while storing sustainable electricity as hydrocarbon fuels. However, it is still a challenge to enhance the selectivity of the CO2RR to single multi-carbon (C2+) product, such as C2H4. Here, an effective method is proposed to improve C2H4 selectivity by inhibiting the production of the other competitive C-2 products, namely C2H5OH, from Cu2O/C composite. Density functional theory indicates that the heterogeneous structure between Cu2O and carbon is expected to inhibit C2H5OH production and promote C-C coupling, which facilitates C2H4 production. To prove this, a composite electrode containing octahedral Cu2O nanoparticles (NPs) (o-Cu2O) with {111} facets and carbon NPs is constructed, which experimentally inhibits C2H5OH production while strongly enhancing C2H4 selectivity compared with o-Cu2O electrode. Furthermore, the surface hydroxylation of carbon can further improve the C2H4 production of o-Cu2O/C electrode, exhibiting a high C2H4 Faradaic efficiency of 67% and a high C2H4 current density of 45 mA cm(-2) at -1.1 V in a near-neutral electrolyte. This work provides a new idea to improve C2+ selectivity by controlling products desorption.  DOI:10.1002_smll.202105212
The excellent catalytic ability is attributed to the abundant Cu-N-C active sites of NC-Cu with 3D porous microstructure.&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWHigh Efficient Catalyst of N-doped Carbon Modified Copper Containing Rich Cu-N-C Active Sites for Electrocatalytic CO2 Reduction  The synthesis of multi-carbon products through electrochemical CO2 reduction reactions has attracted great interest from researchers. Herein, nitrogen- and carbon-doped copper nanocatalyst (NC-Cu) containing abundant Cu-N-C active sites was prepared by thermal decomposition of the complexes containing copper and melamine. The NC-Cu catalyst exhibited an ideal current density of 22 mA cm(-2) at -0.93 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode (vs. RHE) in CO2-saturated 0.5 M KHCO3 medium, with ethanol as the predominant product at -0.93 V (vs. RHE) and a maximum Faraday efficiency of 31 %. The current density of the catalyst remained almost unchanged after 20 h of electrolysis, indicating its excellent stability. The excellent catalytic ability is attributed to the abundant Cu-N-C active sites of NC-Cu with 3D porous microstructure.  DOI:10.1002_slct.202200557
Lithium Vacancy-Tuned CuO4 Sites&&structure control&&NeWLithium Vacancy-Tuned CuO4 Sites for Selective CO2 Electroreduction to C2+ Products  Electrochemical CO2 reduction to valuable multi-carbon (C2+) products is attractive but with poor selectivity and activity due to the low-efficient C-C coupling. Herein, a lithium vacancy-tuned Li2CuO2 with square-planar [CuO4] layers is developed via an electrochemical delithiation strategy. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the lithium vacancies (V-Li) lead to a shorter distance between adjacent [CuO4] layers and reduce the coordination number of Li+ around each Cu, featuring with a lower energy barrier for CO-CO coupling than pristine Li2CuO2 without V-Li. With the V-Li percentage of approximate to 1.6%, the Li2-xCuO2 catalyst exhibits a high Faradaic efficiency of 90.6 +/- 7.6% for C2+ at -0.85 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode without iR correction, and an outstanding partial current density of -706 +/- 32 mA cm(-2). This work suggests an attractive approach to create controllable alkali metal vacancy-tuned Cu catalytic sites toward C2+ products in electrochemical CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1002_smll.202106433
CO spillover from Au sites to the nearby Cu counterparts would enhance CO coverage and thus promote C-C coupling, highlighting the unique structural advantages of the Au-Cu Janus NSs toward deep reduction of CO2.&&composite&&NeWSeeded Growth of Gold-Copper Janus Nanostructures as a Tandem Catalyst for Efficient Electroreduction of CO2 to C2+ Products  Gold-copper (Au-Cu) Janus nanostructures (Au-Cu Janus NSs) are successfully prepared using N-oleyl-1,3-propanediamine as capping agent and Cu(acac)(2) as the precursor in a typical seeded growth strategy. By preferably depositing Cu atoms on one side of concave cubic Au seeds, the Cu part gradually grows larger as more Cu precursors are added, making the size tuning feasible in the range of 74-156 nm. When employed as an electrocatalyst for electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR), the Au-Cu Janus NSs display superior performance to Au@Cu core-shell NSs and Cu NPs in terms of C2+ products selectivity (67%) and C2+ partial current density (-0.29 A cm(-2)). Combined experimental verification and theoretical simulations reveal that CO spillover from Au sites to the nearby Cu counterparts would enhance CO coverage and thus promote C-C coupling, highlighting the unique structural advantages of the Au-Cu Janus NSs toward deep reduction of CO2. The current work provides a facile strategy to fabricate tandem catalyst with a Janus structure and validates its structural advantages toward CO2RR, which are of critical importance for the rational design of efficient CO2RR catalyst.  DOI:10.1002_smll.202201695
The surface of h-Cu2O ONS underwent rapid surface reconstruction under CO2RR conditions to exhibit multiple heterointerfaces between Cu2O and Cu phases, setting the preferable condition to facilitate C-C bond formation.&&structure control&&NeWMicrofluidics-Assisted Synthesis of Hierarchical Cu2O Nanocrystal as C-2-Selective CO2 Reduction Electrocatalyst  Copper-based catalysts have attracted enormous attention due to their high selectivity for C2+ products during the electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR). In particular, grain boundaries on the catalysts contribute to the generation of various Cu coordination environments, which have been found essential for C-C coupling. However, smooth-surfaced Cu2O nanocrystals generally lack the ability for the surface reorganization to form multiple grain boundaries and desired Cu undercoordination sites. Flow chemistry armed with the unparalleled ability to mix reaction mixture can achieve a very high concentration of unstable reaction intermediates, which in turn are used up rapidly to lead to kinetics-driven nanocrystal growth. Herein, the synthesis of a unique hierarchical structure of Cu2O with numerous steps (h-Cu2O ONS) via flow chemistry-assisted modulation of nanocrystal growth kinetics is reported. The surface of h-Cu2O ONS underwent rapid surface reconstruction under CO2RR conditions to exhibit multiple heterointerfaces between Cu2O and Cu phases, setting the preferable condition to facilitate C-C bond formation. Notably, the h-Cu2O ONS obtained the increased C2H4 Faradaic efficiency from 31.9% to 43.5% during electrocatalysis concurrent with the morphological reorganization, showing the role of the stepped surface. Also, the h-Cu2O ONS demonstrated a 3.8-fold higher ethylene production rate as compared to the Cu2O nanocube.  DOI:10.1002_smtd.202200074
a bimetallic, low-entropy state Cu-3 Sn catalyst featuring efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol&&structure control&&NeWEfficient CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol by Cu3Sn Catalyst  Electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to ethanol suggests a potential strategy to reduce the CO2 level and generate valuable liquid fuels, while the development of low-cost catalysts with high activity and selectivity remains a major challenge. In this work, a bimetallic, low-entropy state Cu-3 Sn catalyst featuring efficient electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol is developed. This low-entropy state Cu3Sn catalyst allows a high Faradaic efficiency of 64% for ethanol production, distinctively from the high-entropy state Cu6Sn5 catalyst with the main selectivity toward producing formate. At an industry-level current density of -900 mA cm(-2), the Cu3Sn catalyst exhibited excellent stability for over 48 h in a membrane-electrode based electrolyzer. Theoretical calculations indicate that the high ethanol selectivity on Cu3Sn is attributed to its enhanced adsorption of several key intermediates in the ethanol production pathway. Moreover, the life-cycle assessment reveals that using the Cu3Sn electrocatalyst, an electrochemical CO2 -to-ethanol electrolysis system powered by wind electricity can lead to a global warming potential of 120 kg(CO2)(-eq) for producing 1 ton of ethanol, corresponding to a 55% reduction of carbon emissions compared to the conventional bio-ethanol process.  DOI:10.1002_smtd.202101334
surface cavity effect on C2H4 formation was investigated using Cu2O cubes&&structure control&&NeWSurface cavity effect on C2H4 formation from electrochemical reduction of CO2 as studied using Cu2O cubes  Surface morphology of Cu-based catalysts is considered as an important factor affecting both activity and product selectivity of electrochemical reduction of CO2. In this work, surface cavity effect on C2H4 formation was investigated using Cu2O cubes: solid cubes, cavity cubes, and broken cubes, typically representing smooth surface, cavity surface, and rough surface. With respect of C2H4 selectivity, cavity cubes show the significantly enhanced faradaic efficiency (FE) of C2H4, which is 2.7 and 1.7 times higher than those for solid cubes and broken cubes respectively. Moreover, a ratio of CO produced by CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) converted to CH4 and C2H4 was calculated to assess the extent of CO further reduction for a catalyst. As noted, cavity cubes exhibited a highest ratio of 29.5%, in contrast with the lower ratio of 13.0% on broken cubes and 14.9% on solid cubes. Consequently, the role of surface cavity is reflected in two effects, the increased CO formation due to higher electrochemical surface area as compared to the smooth surface, and meanwhile the increased ratio of CO converted to hydrocarbons and alcohols due to porous feature as compared to the rough surface with a comparable high electrochemical active surface area (ECSA). What's more, when applied in a flow cell reactor with a gas diffusion electrode, cavity cubes also achieved much higher C2 selectivity of 37.7% FEC2 than solid cubes and broken cubes. Our work provides a facile strategy for improving the catalytic C(2+ )product selectivity of Cu2O-based catalysts for CO2RR through modifying surface morphology.  DOI:10.1007_s10008-022-05190-2
 the onset potential of the Cu2O-MoS2 composite material is much lower compared to bare Cu2O nanoparticles and MoS2 sheets.&&composite&&NeWCu2O nanoparticles decorated with MoS2 sheets for electrochemical reduction of CO2 with enhanced efficiency  Electrochemical CO2 reduction has drawn substantial attention not only due to the demand for energy but also the need for a sustainable environment. In this work, a non-noble based electrocatalyst (Cu2O-MoS2) was developed using a facile method for its application in CO2 reduction. The synthesized composite material was characterized using XPS, XRD, FTIR, Raman, FESEM and EDS. The Cu2O-MoS2 composite material presented outstanding electrocatalytic activity towards CO2 reduction, and showed a reducing current density of 113 mA/cm(2)-almost twice that of the bare Cu2O (61 mA/cm(2)) and eight times higher than that of MoS2 sheet (21.3 mA/cm(2)). Furthermore, the onset potential of the Cu2O-MoS2 composite material is much lower compared to bare Cu2O nanoparticles and MoS2 sheets. The faradaic efficiency of the Cu2O-MoS2 composite material depends on the applied potential and it was found to be 12.3% and 7.9% for methanol and ethanol at -1.3 V and -1.1 V, respectively.  DOI:10.1007_s00339-021-05230-0
asymmetric Au1Ag1Cu5 heterostructures with segregated domains of three constituent metals&&composite&&NeWSelectivity regulation of CO2 electroreduction on asymmetric AuAgCu tandem heterostructures  Rational design and synthesis of multimetallic nanostructures (NSs) are fundamentally important for electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Herein, a multi-step seed-mediated growth method is applied to synthesize asymmetric AuAgCu heterostructures using Au nanobipyramids as nucleation seeds, in which their composition and structures are well controlled. We find that the selectivity of C-2 products for CO2RR could be effectively regulated by tandem catalysis and electronic effect over trimetallic AuAgCu heterostructures. Particularly, the Faraday efficiency toward ethanol could reach up to 37.5% at a potential of -0.8 V versus reversible hydrogen electrode over asymmetric Au1Ag1Cu5 heterostructures with segregated domains of three constituent metals. This work provides an efficient strategy for the synthesis of multicomponent architectures to boost their promising application in CO2RR.  DOI:10.1007_s12274-022-4234-5
Upon the electrochemical CO2 reduction, CuTCNQ slowly reconstructs to Cu nanoparticles with abundant grain boundaries and residual Cu+ on the surface.&&structure control&&NeWCopper-tetracyanoquinodimethane-derived copper electrocatalysts for highly selective carbon dioxide reduction to ethylene  As one of the most promising CO2 utilization techniques, electrochemical CO2 reduction has recently received considerable attention. Cu is a unique electrocatalyst that can convert CO2 to value-added multi-carbon chemicals. Nevertheless, Cu catalysts are always limited by the poor selectivity and stability. Here, we report that using copper-tetracyanoquinodimethane (CuTCNQ) derived Cu nanoparticles as efficient electrocatalysts for conversion of CO2 to ethylene characteristic with high selectivity and stability, showing 56% Faradaic efficiency (FE) to C2H4 at -1.3 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Upon the electrochemical CO2 reduction, CuTCNQ slowly reconstructs to Cu nanoparticles with abundant grain boundaries and residual Cu+ on the surface. Theoretical calculation and operando characterization disclose that both as-formed Cu nanoparticle grain boundaries and residual Cu+ endow the catalyst with high selectivity toward ethylene. Furthermore, during the reconstruction of CuTCNQ to Cu nanoparticles, the grain boundaries Cu surface is slowly refreshed by continual addition of Cu atoms, thus inhibiting the surface passivation and guaranteeing the electrocatalytic stability.  DOI:10.1007_s12274-022-4446-8
This nanoporous copper-indium heterostructure catalyst exhibits excellent performance in the reduction of carbon dioxide to syngas.&&composite&&NeWRoom-temperature liquid metal synthesis of nanoporous copper-indium heterostructures for efficient carbon dioxide reduction to syngas  Nanoporous metals show promising performances in electrochemical catalysis. In this paper, we report a self-supporting bimetallic porous heterogeneous indium/copper structure synthesized with a eutectic gallium-indium (EGaIn) material on a copper substrate. This nanoporous copper-indium heterostructure catalyst exhibits excellent performance in the reduction of carbon dioxide to syngas. The ratio of H-2/CO is tunable from 0.47 to 2.0 by changing working potentials. The catalyst is highly stable, showing 96% maintenance of the current density after a 70-h continuous test. Density functional theory calculations reveal that the indium/copper interface induces charge redistribution within the copper surface, leading to the formation of two distinct active sites, namely, Cu-delta and Cu-0, and enabling a high-performance generation of CO and H-2. This work provides a new strategy for obtaining self-supporting nanoporous metal electrode catalysts.  DOI:10.1007_s40843-022-2058-5
he higher efficiency may be because space was more effectively utilized in the helical MOF nanoarrays, resulting in a greater number of active catalytic sites.&&structure control&&NeWHelical copper-porphyrinic framework nanoarrays for highly efficient CO2 electroreduction  In recent years, metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) have been extensively investigated as electrocatalysts due to their highly efficient electroreduction of CO2. Herein, the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction was investigated by growing helical Cu-porphyrinic MOF Cu meso-tetra(4-carboxyphenyl)porphyrin (TCPP) on Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays (H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2)) using a sacrificial template method. The electrocatalytic results showed that the H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays exhibited a high acetic acid Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 26.1% at -1.6 V vs. Ag/Ag+, which is much higher than the value of 19.8% obtained for non-helical CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) (nH-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2)). The higher efficiency may be because space was more effectively utilized in the helical MOF nanoarrays, resulting in a greater number of active catalytic sites. Furthermore, in situ diffuse reflectance infrared Fourier transform spectra showed that the H-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2) nanoarrays have much stronger CO linear adsorption, indicating a better selectivity of acetic acid than that of nH-CuTCPP@Cu(OH)(2). In this study, we develop new helical nanomaterials and propose a new route to enhance the reduction of CO2.  DOI:10.1007_s40843-021-1835-8
alloy &&alloy&&NeWLaser-fabricated channeled Cu6Sn5/Sn as electrocatalyst and gas diffusion electrode for efficient CO2 electroreduction to formate  Formate synthesis by CO2 electroreduction reaction (CO2RR) has been considered as a promising strategy for mitigating the excessive CO2. Here, we synthesize Cu6Sn5 alloy on Sn foil (Cu6Sn5/Sn) and gas diffusion electrode (GDE) using laser irradiation. Cu6Sn5/Sn exhibits high formate faradaic efficiency (FEformate) of 87.2% and remains stable at 28.69 mA cm(-2) over 14 h. Further, with the help of laser drilling, the channeled Cu6Sn5/Sn used directly as GDE shows increased current density (118 mA cm(-2)) and steady FEformate (86.69%) in flow cell. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations reveal that the high performance of Cu6Sn5/Sn benefits from the appropriate binding energy of the key intermediates *OCHO. Meanwhile, COMSOL simulation results of CO2 concentration and electric field distribution combined with the results of kelvin probe force microscopy (KPFM) prove that CO2RR prefers to occur around the channels of electrode. More importantly, this laser irradiation method is also available to synthesize other alloy electrocatalysts.  DOI:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.120991
The fully bloomed Cu2O nanoflower catalyst, combined with the two-dimensional (2D) structured graphene sheet, formed a catalyst layer with scaffolding structure that exhibited the highest Faradaic efficiency (FE)&&composite&&NeWCu2O nano-flowers/graphene enabled scaffolding structure catalyst layer for enhanced CO2 electrochemical reduction  Nanosized Cu2O catalysts with precisely controlled bud-to-blooming flower shapes are synthesised using modified polyol method. The evolution of the shape when the catalysts are applied to the gas diffusion electrodes improves the key factors influencing the catalyst layer, e.g. volume porosity and triple-phase boundary contact areas. Numerical and experimental studies revealed increased reactant molar concentration and improved CO2 mass transfer due to the structural changes, which influenced the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (eCO(2)RR). The fully bloomed Cu2O nanoflower catalyst, combined with the two-dimensional (2D) structured graphene sheet, formed a catalyst layer with scaffolding structure that exhibited the highest Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 93.20% towards CO at an applied potential of-1.0 V vs. RHE in 1 M KOH. These findings established the relationship between the catalyst layer properties and mass transfer, based on which we could describe the effect of the structural design of the catalyst layer on the eCO(2)RR performance.  DOI:10.1016_j.apcatb.2021.121022
It can be attributed to the more active electrochemical surface area, low overpotential, and charge transfer resistance&&structure control&&NeWNanostructure engineering of Cu electrocatalyst for the selective C2+hydrocarbons in electrochemical CO2 reduction  In recent years, the selective conversion of CO2 to fuels and chemicals has been deliberated as one of the key challenges in the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2 RR). The copper (Cu)-based materials were demonstrated to achieve the selective products from the electrochemical CO2 RR and received significant attention due to the special morphological features, which enhance the mass transport and electrical conductivity. In present work, we modulated the morphology of Cu electrocatalysts by developing the Cu-aluminum (Al) (Cu80Al20) alloy on carbon paper through co-deposition of Cu and Al elements with a different ratio by a thermal evaporation method. Followed by etching the Al content by immersing in alkaline NaOH solution resulting the formation of nanostructured Cu-Al layer. Herein, the Cu layer showed the nanowire structure with the cupric oxide (Cu2O) phase. An interesting finding was that the faradic efficiency of the final products could be tuned by dealloying process where the composition of the Cu and Al elements has been changed. Thus, the electrocatalytic activity and selectivity of CO2 conversion into C2+ of the modified structure-dependent catalysts have been investigated. Herein, the as-deposited Cu, co-deposited Cu80Al20, and etched Cu80Al20 layers were adapted to evaluate the fundamental electrochemical properties for electrochemical CO2 RR using flow electrolyzer based on gas-diffusion electrodes in the 1 M KHCO3 electrolyte. The etched Cu80Al20 catalysts exhibited the highest C2+ faradaic efficiency (FEC2+) of 72.1% at-0.84 V-RHE, higher than of the as-deposited Cu catalyst (11.7%) and co-deposited Cu80Al20 catalyst (46.0%), respectively. It can be attributed to the more active electrochemical surface area, low overpotential, and charge transfer resistance. Morever, the possible additional favorable adsorption states of intermediates (*CO-COH) on the surface of the etched Cu80Al20 catalysts layer.  DOI:10.1016_j.apsusc.2022.152518
The outstanding performance mainly stems from tailoring the doped-Ce content shrinks particle sizes and forms oxygen defects due to the electron effect of nearby Ce atoms, boosting local electronic re-distribution of Cu.&&defect&&NeWEffective CO2 electroreduction toward C2H4 boosted by Ce-doped Cu nanoparticles  Coupling another metal element tends to produce catalytic controls of high activity and selectivity. However, this action is still poorly explored to improve the selectivity of the electroreduction of CO2 to C2H(4) with high energy density. Herein, Ce-doped Cu nanoparticles (Ce-Cu NPs) are synthesized by one-step co-reduction method and presented a preferable example that promotes selective transformation of CO2 to C2H4 in a flow-cell configuration. Thereinto, high faradaic efficiency (FE) of C2H4 for Ce-Cu-2 NPs could reach 53% with the current density of 150 mA cm(-2), which is 2.8 times higher than that of Cu NPs. The outstanding performance mainly stems from tailoring the doped-Ce content shrinks particle sizes and forms oxygen defects due to the electron effect of nearby Ce atoms, boosting local electronic re-distribution of Cu. Meanwhile, in-situ Raman spectroscopies evidenced that the doping of Ce can enhance Cu site to bond *CO, which were beneficial to C-C coupling and thus endowed the catalyst with the superior catalytic performance in CO2 electroreduction toward C2H4.  DOI:10.1016_j.cej.2021.133769
a novel MOF-derived Cu@Cu2O heterogeneous electrocatalyst with moderate intermediates adsorption was proposed for highly selective reduction of CO2 to methanol.&&composite&&NeWMOF-derived Cu@Cu2O heterogeneous electrocatalyst with moderate intermediates adsorption for highly selective reduction of CO2 to methanol  To improve Faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) to methanol over Cu-based complex electrocatalysts, a novel MOF-derived Cu@Cu2O heterogeneous electrocatalyst with moderate intermediates adsorption was proposed for highly selective reduction of CO2 to methanol. XRD and HRTEM confirmed the presence of a distinct heterogeneous interface between Cu and Cu2O, while XPS verified the existence of Cu-0/Cu+ and OH on catalyst surfaces. Cu-0/Cu+ with a moderate CO* binding energy and OH which favored H* adsorption were conducive to hydrogenation reduction of CO2 to methanol. The intermediate products CO*, COOH*, and CHO* were detected on in-situ electrochemical ATR-FTIR spectroscopy. The most favorable reduction route of CO2 to methanol was as follows: CO2 -> COOH* -> CO*+H2O -> CHO* -> CH2O* -> CH2OH* -> CH3OH. The FE of electrochemical CO2 reduction to methanol over Cu@Cu2O-400 degrees C electrocatalyst was >= 35% at-0.6 similar to-1.0 V (vs. RHE). The Cu@Cu2O-400 degrees C electrocatalyst exhibited a peak FECH3OH of 45% at-0.7 V, which was attributed to synergistic effect between Cu-0 and Cu+ active sites.  DOI:10.1016_j.cej.2021.134171
Cu(I) adjacent to Cu(0) regulated by aluminum species improves the adsorption of *CO intermediates, beneficial to the C-C coupling to C2+ products in eCO2RR.&&composite&&NeWNewly generated Cu2O-Cu interface for CO2 electroreduction in the presence of reconstructed aluminum hydroxide  The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (eCO2RR) to C2+ products is attractive but challenging. Herein, flower-like Al0.9/CuO composed of modified CuO nanosheets was synthesized by a hydrothermal synthesis method under the conditions of high alkaline concentration, in which aluminum hydroxide was dissolved and regenerated on CuO nanosheets. The as-obtained flower-like Al0.9/CuO presents a higher faradaic efficiency of multicarbon (C2+) products 77.6% at -0.95 V vs. RHE for eCO2RR in an H-type cell than other flower-like Alx/ CuO and achieves C2+ product faradaic efficiency of 75.2% and partial current density of 752.5 mA cm-2 in a flow cell. Characterization results show that Cu(I)/Cu(0) interface is formed along with the existence of oxygen defects and d-band center shifting toward low-energy region on flower-like Al0.9/CuO compared with traditional CuO nanosheets. Evenly dispersed Cu(0) and oxygen vacancy on the nanosheet promote the absorption and activation of CO2, while Cu(I) adjacent to Cu(0) regulated by aluminum species improves the adsorption of *CO intermediates, beneficial to the C-C coupling to C2+ products in eCO2RR. Therefore, this work provided a strategy to efficiently modulate the distribution of electron and ingredient on the copper based electrocatalyst to improve the performance of C2+ products in eCO2RR.  DOI:10.1016_j.electacta.2022.140488
electron-rich N defects serve as Lewis basic sites to activate CO2 and increase the local CO2 concentration of active sites, which improves the catalytic activity.&&composite&&NeWSulfur-modified copper synergy with nitrogen-defect sites for the electroreduction of CO2 to formate at low overpotentials  Reducing carbon dioxide to formate is one of the most promising methods to achieve peak carbon dioxide emissions. Nevertheless, the low overpotential in energy conversion remains a major challenge. Herein, a new composite catalyst consisting of cuprous sulfide and graphite-phase carbon nitride with nitrogen defects (Cu2S/ NDg-C3N4) is synthesized, which simultaneously achieves a high Faradaic efficiency of 82.3% to formate at a low overpotential of 57 mV. Our studies suggest that electron-rich N defects serve as Lewis basic sites to activate CO2 and increase the local CO2 concentration of active sites, which improves the catalytic activity. The catalyst can spontaneously form a heterojunction by in situ Raman spectroscopy detected during the CO2 reduction process, which improves the electrolysis durability. The *OCHO* species detected by in situ ATR-IR spectroscopy verified the O-end adsorption pathway of CO2 reduction to formate on Cu2S/NDg-C3N4. DFT calculations show that sulfur promotes the activation of interface water, forming hydrogen species that can promote intermediate hydrogenation to *OCHO*, which reduces the overpotential. This work shows lower overpotentials than other reported copper-based catalysts and provides a new strategy for designing a simple and energy-saving CO2 reduction catalyst.  DOI:10.1016_j.electacta.2022.140557
Under the excellent synergy between Cu and AFIL, Cu-IL/GDL exhibits higher faradaic efficiency&&composite&&NeWFabrication of Cu (100) facet-enhanced ionic liquid/copper hybrid catalysis via one-step electro-codeposition for CO2ER toward C-2  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2ER) to high value-added multicarbon (C2+) is a viable way to promote carbon-neutral cycle. To date, copper (Cu) is reported as the most effective metal catalyst toward C2+, but it remains a challenge to achieve high selectivity and large current density. Incorporating ionic liquid in Cu-based catalysis has been proved an effective strategy, however, most reported methods are either involved too much ionic liquid (IL) as electrolyte or too complex & unstable. Herein, an ionic liquid-embedded Cu electrocatalyst (Cu-IL/GDL) was innovatively constructed through one-step electro-codeposition method, in which a kind of amino-ionic liquid, AFIL, was anchored to the gas diffusion layer (GDL) and embedded by the deposited Cu. Under the excellent synergy between Cu and AFIL, Cu-IL/GDL exhibits higher faradaic efficiency toward ethylene (C2H4, 40.67%) and C2 (C2H4 and C2H5OH, 61.39%) when directing CO2 to carbon-fiber side of electrode in Hcell. To be precise, more Cu (100) facet is stabilized by the capping effect of AFIL, being in favor for C-C coupling; meanwhile more AFIL+ is embedded by the deposited Cu, making for the initiation of CO2ER. Thus, this paper proposes a facial and effective strategy to reinforce Cu (100) facet, and couple and heighten the virtues of ionic liquid and Cu during CO2ER toward C2.  DOI:10.1016_j.fuel.2022.124103
alloy &&alloy&&NeWElectron fixation of Sn-2 +/-/Cu-+/- bimetallic catalyst on flexible carbon fiber cloth for highly converting gaseous CO2 to formate at moderate potential  Designing highly active and selective electrocatalysts for converting CO2 into value-added chemicals and fuels by electrochemical method is still a challenge. Herein, we have successfully fabricated a lotus-like morphology of Sn/Cu alloy on carbon fiber cloth via a facile electrodeposition method followed by air-dried treatment. Owing to the presence of Sn2+ and Cu+ on the surface of Sn/Cu alloy, this bimetallic Sn/Cu electrode exhibits the outstanding FE of formate with a maximum value of 95.81% at -1.07 V versus RHE, and the total current density at -0.97 V versus RHE keeping unchanged at 33.78 mA cm-2 under the 20 h electrolysis even with the replacement of electrolyte. This work provides an effective strategy for highly boosting the selective production of formate from electrochemical CO2 reduction by stabilizing the intermediate valence of bimetallic alloy. (c) 2021 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_j.ijhydene.2021.10.176
alloy &&alloy&&NeWCuNi alloy nanoparticles embedded in N-doped carbon framework for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CO  & nbsp;Electrochemical conversion of CO2 into renewable fuel offers a promising approach to address the rising greenhouse gas accumulation in the atmosphere. The exploration of low-cost and efficient electrocatalysts with high selectivity is of great importance for development of electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECO2R). Here, we presented a CuNi alloy catalyst embedded in the N-doped carbon framework (CuNi/NC) derived from a metal-organic framework (Cu/Ni/Zn-MOF). The optimized Cu0.543Ni1/NC achieved high Faraday efficiency of CO (> 90%) in the wide potential range of - 0.3 V to - 0.8 V. The maximum efficiency of CO was 99.7% at - 0.6 V. This study provided a strategy to construct non-precious metal electrocatalysts with high CO selectivity in wide potential range.(C) 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_j.jallcom.2022.164042
the morphological and interface engineering of 3D Cu/In nanocones designed by facile electrodeposition can perform very well for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to syngas.&&structure control&&NeW<p>3D Cu/In nanocones by morphological and interface engineering design in achieving a high current density for electroreduction of CO2 to syngas under elevated pressure</p>  Syngas produced electrochemically from carbon dioxide electroreduction is quite appealing. To develop the process on a large scale, it would be essential to use selective and cheap electrodes, and to get high production rate with low energy consumptions. Cu-In catalysts are one of the most intriguing in this context because of their inexpensive cost, high Faradaic efficiency in CO (FECO), and excellent stability. However, because of the low current densities demonstrated in aqueous electrolytes, productivities have been rather low up to date. This paper shows that the morphological and interface engineering of 3D Cu/In nanocones designed by facile electrodeposition can perform very well for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction to syngas. Under 1 atm of CO(2 )pressure and -0.6 V to -1.1 V versus RHE, the current density can reach -20 mA cm(-2) with a FE of 100%. Besides, an increase in CO2 pressure as high as 9.5 bars has increased the content of CO2, which enabled CO partial current density (j(CO)) to achieve-229.88 mA cm(-2), a new record in neutral pH electrolyte for most of the Cu-based electrodes. It proves 3D Cu/In NCs could be the most efficient catalyst for CO2RR in syngas production to the best of our knowledge.  DOI:10.1016_j.jcou.2022.102033
Cu rich electrocatalyst&&structure control&&NeWCopper-indium hydroxides derived electrocatalysts with tunable compositions for electrochemical CO2 reduction  Bimetallic Cu-In hybrid electrocatalysts are promising noble metal-free catalysts for selective electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (ECO2RR). Most reports show Cu-In catalysts are selective towards COevolution. However, few show similarly high selectivity towards formate. Herein we fabricated composition tunable Cu-In hydroxides (CuxIny-OH) by the hydrothermal method and studied their composition effect on electrochemical CO2 reduction in detail. Wefound that the selectivity of CO2 reduction products shifted from CO to formate when the content of In increased in the CuxIny-OH electrocatalysts. The Cu rich electrocatalyst mostly produced CO, which could achieve a Faradaic efficiency (FE) to 75.8% at -0.59 V vs. RHE (Cu76In24 based electrocatalysts). In comparison, the In rich electrocatalysts selectively produced formate, which possessed the FE of formate up to 85% at -1.01 V vs. RHE. Our work systematically illustrates the composition effect on hybrid catalysts, and provides insights into the design of highly selective catalysts for ECO2RR. (C) 2021 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_j.jechem.2021.09.008
In rich electrocatalysts&&structure control&&NeWCopper-indium hydroxides derived electrocatalysts with tunable compositions for electrochemical CO2 reduction  Bimetallic Cu-In hybrid electrocatalysts are promising noble metal-free catalysts for selective electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (ECO2RR). Most reports show Cu-In catalysts are selective towards COevolution. However, few show similarly high selectivity towards formate. Herein we fabricated composition tunable Cu-In hydroxides (CuxIny-OH) by the hydrothermal method and studied their composition effect on electrochemical CO2 reduction in detail. Wefound that the selectivity of CO2 reduction products shifted from CO to formate when the content of In increased in the CuxIny-OH electrocatalysts. The Cu rich electrocatalyst mostly produced CO, which could achieve a Faradaic efficiency (FE) to 75.8% at -0.59 V vs. RHE (Cu76In24 based electrocatalysts). In comparison, the In rich electrocatalysts selectively produced formate, which possessed the FE of formate up to 85% at -1.01 V vs. RHE. Our work systematically illustrates the composition effect on hybrid catalysts, and provides insights into the design of highly selective catalysts for ECO2RR. (C) 2021 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_j.jechem.2021.09.008
terrace and step sites on monocrystalline high-index&&structure control&&NeWEnhanced electrochemical CO2-to-C2+ conversion from synergistic interaction between terrace and step sites on monocrystalline high-index Cu facets  (C) 2022 Science Press and Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. and Science Press. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_j.jechem.2022.02.027
nanoporous&&structure control&&NeWDynamic surface restructuring of nanoporous Cu2-xSe for efficient CO2 electroreduction into methanol    DOI:10.1016_j.jechem.2022.03.032
Abundant pyridinic N and high dispersion of Cu nanoparticles enhance the electrocatalytic activity.&&composite&&NeWCO2 electrocatalytic reduction on Cu nanoparticles loaded on nitrogen- doped carbon  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to produce valuable carbon-based fuels can solve the energy problem and achieve carbon neutrality. Herein, a series of Cu nanoparticles loaded on nitrogen-doped carbon materials (Cu@NC) for the electrochemical reduction of CO2 are prepared and show good selectivity for C1. Abundant pyridinic N and high dispersion of Cu nanoparticles enhance the electrocatalytic activity. The highest C1 Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 53% is obtained on Cu@NC-3, including FE of 30% for CH4.  DOI:10.1016_j.jelechem.2022.116353
the high performance is benefits from the high density of Cu-0 and Cu (+) pairs derived from Cu2S/CM during CO2 electroreduction&&composite&&NeWSulfurization-derived Cu-0-Cu+ sites for electrochemical CO2 reduction to ethanol  The transformation of CO2 into value-added products is a hot research topic. Metal copper as an electrochemical catalyst shows activity for generating multi-carbon products in CO2 electroreduction. Herein, Cu2S nanorods/ copper mesh (Cu2S/CM) is successfully fabricated, and exhibits high performance of CO2 electroreduction to ethanol. At -0.8 V vs RHE, it achieved the Faraday efficiency (FE) of 13.5%, the partial current density of 13.3 mA cm(-2) and the yield of 986.4 mu mol L-1 h(-1) for ethanol. Experiments and theoretical calculations indicated that the high performance is benefits from the high density of Cu-0 and Cu (+) pairs derived from Cu2S/CM during CO2 electroreduction and an appropriate surface Cu-0/Cu (+) ratio of 0.17. The Cu-0-Cu+ sites facilitate the adsorption of key intermediate *CH2CHO and decrease the energy barrier of the ethanol pathway. This work provides not only a new comprehension of CO2 electroreduction with Cu2S catalyst but also a design idea based on Cu-0-Cu+ sites in Cu/Cu2S catalyst.& nbsp;  DOI:10.1016_j.jpowsour.2022.231393
vertically grown copper nanostructures that are oriented in {110} direction&&structure control&&NeWGrowth direction and exposed facets of Cu/Cu2O nanostructures affect product selectivity in CO2 electroreduction  The electrochemical reduction of CO2 to fuels and value-added chemicals on metallic copper is an attractive strategy for valorizing CO2 emissions. However, favoring the CO2 reduction over hydrogen evolution and exclusive control of selectivity towards C1 or C2+ products by restructuring the copper surface is a major chal-lenge. Herein, we exploit the differential orientation of the exposed facets in copper nanostructures that can tune the product selectivity in CO2 electroreduction. The Cu nanostructure with predominant {111} orientation produce C1 products only upon CO2 electroreduction at an applied potential of-1.3 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrodes (RHE), with 66.57% Faradaic efficiency (FE) for methane. Whereas the vertically grown copper nanostructures that are oriented in {110} direction have higher dislocation density and show greater CO2 electroreduction activity (>95%) at the same applied potential, with FE towards ethylene 24.39% and that of oxygenates 41.31%. FIA-DEMS analysis provided experimental evidence of selectivity of methane over methanol at higher overpotentials indicating the mechanism of methane formation occurs via *COH intermediate. The ethylene formation at a potential-1.0 V vs. RHE or more negative to it suggests a common intermediate for methane and ethylene on the vertically grown copper nanostructures. This work advances the understanding between the product selectivity and the surface structure of the copper nanostructures in electrochemical CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1016_j.matchemphys.2021.125650
a bimetallic Bi3Cu1 is synthesized by green-cleaning method.&&structure control&&NeWBi-Cu bimetallic electrocatalysts prepared using electrochemical deposition effluent for highly converting CO2 to formate  Developing bimetallic electrocatalysts with synergistic effect is a promising strategy to facilitate the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 (ECR-CO2). Electrodeposition strategy due to its convenience and time-saving property has been widely used in ECR-CO2, however, the disadvantage of electrodeposition method is the treatment of electroplating liquid waste. Aiming for recovering metal ions from electroplating liquid waste and developing high-performance catalysts for ECR-CO2, a bimetallic Bi3Cu1 is synthesized by green-cleaning method. The Bi3Cu1 catalyst exhibits a promising formate (HCOO-) faradaic efficiency (FE) of 95.1% at -0.75 V vs. RHE in an H-type cell. Moreover, excellent durability is also obtained, maintaining a high FEHCOO- of 89.4% after 20 h electrolysis. In addition, the experimental results show that the KOH is a better choice than the KHCO3 electrolyte for ECR-CO2. Bi3Cu1 shows enhanced current density and FE of formate, owing to the faster mass transport in the gas-fed continuous-flow cell and the high ionic conductivity of KOH electrolyte. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Institution of Chemical Engineers.  DOI:10.1016_j.psep.2021.12.033
alloy&&alloy&&NeWCoupling CO2 reduction with CH3OH oxidation for efficient electrosynthesis of formate on hierarchical bifunctional CuSn alloy  It is a promising avenue for electrosynthesis of a single chemical at both cathode and anode, via concurrent CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) coupled with energy-efficient and value-added organic oxidation reaction, while present electrocatalysts suffer low production rate. Herein, for the first time, we report a hierarchical bifunctional CuSn alloy electrocatalyst for efficient production of a single formate via simultaneous cathodic CO2RR and anodic methanol oxidation reaction (MOR), achieving a record-high formate production rate of 3313 mu mol h(-1) cm(-2), with nearly 100% formate selectivity. Moreover, coupling CO2RR with MOR requires an electricity input of only 2.61 kWh kg(formate)(-1) , in contrast to the 4.46 kWh kg(formate)(-1)required for CO2RR coupled with conventional oxygen evolution reaction. DFT calculation results reveal that the calculated limiting potential for formate production is lower than those for CO and H-2 production on CuSn alloy, leading to the high selectivity for formate production.  DOI:10.1016_j.nanoen.2022.107277
the introduction of metallic Cu greatly promoted the shift of electron in CoCu(1:3)-N-C-900 and its adsorption capacity towards CO2, ultimately improving its electrocatalytic activity.&&structure control&&NeWCopper and cobalt loading carbon as an efficient catalyst for the electroreduction CO2 to CO and hydrocarbons  Electrocatalytic reduction of carbon dioxide to syngas and hydrocarbons is a promising way to reduce CO2 emissions. In this work, Cu2+ was introduced into the synthesis process of ZIF-67, and a series of CoCu-N-C composites were synthesized by adjusting the molar ratio of Co/Cu and calcination temperature. X-Ray Diffraction (XRD) and X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) tests showed that the metal mainly loaded on the carbon matrix in the form of metallic Co/Cu, and a part metal was doped into the carbon matrix in the form of MN. Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM) showed that the metallic Co/Cu uniformly distributed on the carbon matrix because of the wrapping by carbon matrix. Linear Sweep Voltammetry (LSV) test displayed that CoCu-N-C composites exhibited higher electrocatalytic activity than Co-N-C for CO2 reduction. The Faradic efficiency (FE %) of CH4, CO and H-2 of CoCu(1:3)-N-C-900 at-0.53 V(vs. RHE) was 21%, 35% and 30%, respectively. Then the effect of Co/Cu, calcination temperature and reduction potential on the FE% of CH4, CO and H(2 )was investigated. A wider range of CO/H2 ratio from 0.29 to 1.17 can be obtained by adjusting Co/Cu. Mechanism was explored through the acid etching experiments, KSCN solution dipping and XPS spectra analysis. Results indicated that the introduction of metallic Cu greatly promoted the shift of electron in CoCu(1:3)-N-C-900 and its adsorption capacity towards CO2, ultimately improving its electrocatalytic activity. This work provided a refined paradigm for designing earth-abundant electrocatalysts used to effectively catalytic CO2 to CO and hydrocarbons.  DOI:10.1016_j.surfin.2022.102005
we use low temperature plasma technology to treat Ag@Cu catalyst to form Cu-CuO interface on the catalyst surface, so that the selectivity and activity of the reaction were further enhanced.&&structure control&&NeWAg@Cu with Cu-CuO interface prepared by air cold-plasma promoting the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to low-carbon alcohols  Bimetallic catalysts catalyst was potential catalyst for electrochemical reduction of CO2 (CO2RR) to produce liquid fuel. Adjusting the adsorption energy of intermediates on bimetallic catalysts was very effective to improve the selectivity of electroreduction of CO2 to low-carbon alcohols. However, it was difficult to further increase the yield of low-carbon alcohols by adjusting the content ratio between metals alone. Here, in vacuum environment, we use low temperature plasma technology to treat Ag@Cu catalyst to form Cu-CuO interface on the catalyst surface, so that the selectivity and activity of the reaction were further enhanced. The performance of CO2RR was effectively improved by the surface Cu-CuO interface. CO2RR tests show that at -0.8 V vs RHE, the faraday efficiency of low-carbon alcohols of Ag@Cu-10 catalyst was the highest of 65.5%, which was 19.9% higher than that of Ag@Cu. In addition, the linear sweep voltammetry test showed that the current density of CO2RR increased by 2 times, indicating that the surface Cu-CuO interface promoted the activation of CO2 on the surface of the catalyst and improved the intrinsic activity. This work introduces a technique of preparing surface Cu-CuO interface to adjust the adsorption energy of CO2RR intermediates, which provides a new idea for the development of efficient CO2RR catalysts.  DOI:10.1016_j.vacuum.2021.110767
high-curvature nanoneedles can induce a large local electric field, thus promoting C-C coupling&&structure control&&NeWElectric-field promoted C-C coupling over Cu nanoneedles for CO2 electroreduction to C-2 products  Cu-based catalysts are the most promising candidates for electrochemical CO2 reduction (CO2RR) to multi-carbon (C-2) products. Optimizing the C-C coupling process, the rate-determining step for C-2 product generation, is an important strategy to improve the production and selectivity of the C-2 products. In this study, we determined that the local electric field can promote the C-C coupling reaction and enhance CO2 electroreduction to C-2 products. First, finite-element simulations indicated that the high curvature of the Cu nanoneedles results in a large local electric field on their tips. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations proved that a large electric field can promote C-C coupling. Motivated by this prediction, we prepared a series of Cu catalysts with different curvatures. The Cu nanoneedles (NNs) exhibited the largest number of curvatures, followed by the Cu nanorods (NRs), and Cu nanoparticles (NPs). The Cu NNs contained the highest concentration of adsorbed K+, which resulted in the highest local electric field on the needles. CO adsorption sensor tests indicated that the Cu NNs exhibited the strongest CO adsorption ability, and in-situ Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) showed the strongest *COCO and *CO signals for the Cu NNs. These experimental results demonstrate that high-curvature nanoneedles can induce a large local electric field, thus promoting C-C coupling. As a result, the Cu NNs show a maximum FEC2 of 44% for CO2RR at a low potential (-0.6 V vs. RHE), which is approximately 2.2 times that of the Cu NPs. This work provides an effective strategy for enhancing the production of multi-carbon products during CO2RR. (C) 2022, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_s1872-2067(21)63866-4
a novel ECR catalyst consisting of CuO nanoparticles with sizes ranging from 1.4 to 3.3 nm anchored on Cu metal-organic framework (Cu-MOF) nanosheets&&composite&&NeWIntegration of ultrafine CuO nanoparticles with two-dimensional MOFs for enhanced electrochemicgal CO2 reduction to ethylene  To facilitate the electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) to fuels and valuable chemicals, the development of active, low cost, and selective catalysts is crucial. We report a novel ECR catalyst consisting of CuO nanoparticles with sizes ranging from 1.4 to 3.3 nm anchored on Cu metal-organic framework (Cu-MOF) nanosheets obtained through a one-step facile solvothermal method. The nanocomposites provide multiple sites for efficient ambient ECR, delivering an average C2H4 faradaic efficiency (FE) of similar to 50.0% at -1.1 V (referred to the reversible hydrogen electrode) in 0.1 mol/L aqueous KHCO3 using a two-compartment cell, in stark contrast to a C2H4 FE of 25.5% and 37.6% over individual CuO and Cu-MOF respectively, also surpassing most newly reported Cu-based materials under similar cathodic voltages. The C2H4 FE remains at over 45.0% even after 10.0 h of successive polarization. Also, a similar to 7.0 mA cm(-2) C2H4 partial geometric current density and 27.7% half-cell C2H4 power conversion efficiency are achieved. The good electrocatalytic performance can be attributed to the interface between CuO and Cu-MOF, with accessible metallic moieties and the unique two-dimensional structure of the Cu-MOF enhancing the adsorption and activation of CO2 molecules. This finding offers a simple avenue to upgrading CO2 to value-added hydrocarbons by rational design of MOF-based composites. (C) 2022, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_s1872-2067(21)63947-5
we synthesized three type catalysts with different morphologies based on Cu2O nanowires, and studied their morphology and crystal facet reconstruction during the pre-reduction process.&&structure control&&NeWCrystal facet effect induced by different pretreatment of Cu2O nanowire electrode for enhanced electrochemical CO2 reduction to C2+ products  Electrocatalytic CO2 conversion has been considered as a promising way to recycle CO2 and produce sustainable fuels and chemicals. However, the efficient and highly selective electrochemical reduction of CO2 directly into multi-carbon (C2+) products remains a great challenge. Herein, we synthesized three type catalysts with different morphologies based on Cu2O nanowires, and studied their morphology and crystal facet reconstruction during the pre-reduction process. Benefiting from abundant exposure of Cu (100) crystal facet, the nanosheet structure derived Cu catalyst showed a high faradaic efficiency (FE) of 67.5% for C2+ products. Additionally, electrocatalytic CO2 reduction studies were carried out on Cu(100), Cu(110), and Cu(111) single crystal electrodes, which verified that Cu(100) crystal facets are favorable for the C2+ products in electrocatalytic CO2 reduction. Our work showed that catalysts would reconstruct during the CO2 reduction process and the importance in morphology and crystal facet control to obtain desired products. (C) 2022, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.  DOI:10.1016_s1872-2067(21)63981-5
we aimed to engineer the activity and selectivity of ECO2R by size regulation of Cu nanoparticles in an N-doped carbon matrix.&&structure control&&NeWCu Nanoparticles Decorating N-Doped Erythrocyte-Shaped Carbon Nanostructures for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction  Cu-based nanostructures are considered to be promising in catalyzing electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (ECO2R). Nevertheless, it is still a challenge to overcome high overpotential and competitive hydrogen evolution reaction. Herein, we aimed to engineer the activity and selectivity of ECO2R by size regulation of Cu nanoparticles in an N-doped carbon matrix. Cu nanoparticles with a size of 64 nm decorating N-doped erythrocyte-shaped carbon nanostructures (CuNPs@N-C-2) were constructed. CuNPs@N-C-2-modified electrodes displayed large electrochemically active surface area, fast charge transfer, and fast ECO2R rates and therefore exhibited excellent electrocatalytic ECO2R performance. CuNPs@N-C-2 achieved a high FECO (99%) at -0.7 V and showed long-term electrochemical stability. The studies demonstrated that both the size of Cu nanoparticles and abundant Cu-N-x sites in the N-doped carbon matrix contributed to the outstanding ECO2R performance. This work offered a potential way to explore efficient Cu-based nanostructures for ECO2R to CO.  DOI:10.1021_acs.energyfuels.1c03823
In this special Ag NPs/CuO MNSs heterostructure, the mesoporous CuO NSs with rough edges favored gas infiltration, while decorated Ag NPs expanded the active sites for CO2 molecule adsorption.&&composite&&NeWEfficacious CO2 Adsorption and Activation on Ag Nanoparticles/CuO Mesoporous Nanosheets Heterostructure for CO2 Electroreduction to CO  It is an ongoing pursuit for researchers to precisely control the catalyst's surface for high-performance CO, electrochemical reduction (CO2ER). In this work, CuO mesoporous nanosheets (CuO MNSs) with rough edges decorated by small Ag nanoparticles (Ag NPs) with a tunable amount of Ag were synthesized on a Cu foil at normal atmospheric temperature through two-step solution-phase reactions for CO2ER to CO. In this special Ag NPs/CuO MNSs heterostructure, the mesoporous CuO NSs with rough edges favored gas infiltration, while decorated Ag NPs expanded the active sites for CO2 molecule adsorption. Ag NPs endowed Ag NPs/CuO MNSs with good electrical conductivity and promoted the adsorbed CO2 molecules to obtain electrons from the catalyst. Especially, the Ag-CuO interface stabilized the *COOH intermediate with strong bonding, which is important in boosting CO2ER to CO. The optimal Ag-1.01%/CuO can catalyze CO2ER to CO with a Faradaic efficiency of 91.2% and a partial current density of 10.5 mA cm(-2) at -0.7 V. Moreover, it exhibited prominent catalytic stability, retaining 97.8% of the initial current density and 97.6% of the original Faradaic efficiency for CO after 12 h of testing at -0.7 V. Notably, the Faradaic efficiency of CO on Ag-1.01%/CuO can retain over 80% in the potential area from -0.6 to -0.9 V, embodying its high selectivity for CO. This work develops precious metal/metal oxide heterostructures with a low precious metal loading for efficacious CO2ER to CO and beyond.  DOI:10.1021_acs.inorgchem.1c03183
the catalytic performance of polycrystalline copper (Cu), Cu2O-derived copper (O(I)D-Cu), and CuO-derived copper (O(II)D-Cu) toward CO2 reduction is unraveled in a custom-designed flow cell.&&structure control&&NeWRevisiting the Impact of Morphology and Oxidation State of Cu on CO2 Reduction Using Electrochemical Flow Cell  Electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) in a flow electrolyzer represents a promising carbon-neutral technology with efficient production of valuable chemicals. In this work, the catalytic performance of polycrystalline copper (Cu), Cu2O-derived copper (O(I)D-Cu), and CuO-derived copper (O(II)D-Cu) toward CO2 reduction is unraveled in a custom-designed flow cell. A peak Faradaic efficiency of >70% and a production rate of ca. -250 mA cm(-2) toward C2+ products have been achieved on all the catalysts. In contrast to previous studies that reported a propensity for C2+ products on OD-Cu in conventional H-cells, the selectivity and activity of ethylene-dominated C2+ products are quite similar on the three types of catalysts at the same current density in our flow reactor. Our analysis also reveals current density to be a critical factor determining the C-C coupling in a flow cell, regardless of Cu catalyst's initial oxidation state and morphology.  DOI:10.1021_acs.jpclett.1c03957
the very high and local electric fields achieved by an ordered Cu nanoneedle array leads to the accumulation of K+ ions, which benefit both *CO adsorption and C-C coupling.&&structure control&&NeWVertical Cu Nanoneedle Arrays Enhance the Local Electric Field Promoting C-2 Hydrocarbons in the CO2 Electroreduction  Electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to multicarbon products is a potential strategy to solve the energy crisis while achieving carbon neutrality. To improve the efficiency of multicarbon products in Cu-based catalysts, optimizing the *CO adsorption and reducing the energy barrier for carbon-carbon (C-C) coupling are essential features. In this work, a strong local electric field is obtained by regulating the arrangement of Cu nanoneedle arrays (CuNNAs). CO2 reduction performance tests indicate that an ordered nanoneedle array reaches a 59% Faraday efficiency for multicarbon products (FEC2) at -1.2 V (vs RHE), compared to a FEC2 of 20% for a disordered nanoneedle array (CuNNs). As such, the very high and local electric fields achieved by an ordered Cu nanoneedle array leads to the accumulation of K+ ions, which benefit both *CO adsorption and C-C coupling. Our results contribute to the design of highly efficient catalysts for multicarbon products.  DOI:10.1021_acs.nanolett.1c04653
 controlled synthesis of CuOx nanoparticles&&structure control&&NeWSteering Hydrocarbon Selectivity in CO2 Electroreduction over Soft-Landed CuOx Nanoparticle-Functionalized Gas Diffusion Electrodes  The use of physical vapor deposition methods in the fabrication of catalyst layers holds promise for enhancing the efficiency of future carbon capture and utilization processes such as the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Following that line of research, we report in this work the application of a sputter gas aggregation source (SGAS) and a multiple ion cluster source type apparatus, for the controlled synthesis of CuOx nanoparticles (NPs) atop gas diffusion electrodes. By varying the mass loading, we achieve control over the balance between methanation and multicarbon formation in a gas-fed CO2 electrolyzer and obtain peak CH4 partial current densities of -143 mA cm(-2) (mass activity of 7.2 kA/g) with a Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 48% and multicarbon partial current densities of -231 mA cm(-2) at 76% FE (FEC2H4 = 56%). Using atomic force microscopy, electron microscopy, and quasi in situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, we trace back the divergence in hydrocarbon selectivity to differences in NP film morphology and rule out the influence of both the NP size (3-15 nm, >20 mu g cm(-2)) and in situ oxidation state. We show that the combination of the O-2 flow rate to the aggregation zone during NP growth and deposition time, which affect the NP production rate and mass loading, respectively, gives rise to the formation of either densely packed CuOx NPs or rough three-dimensional networks made from CuOx NP building blocks, which in turn affects the governing CO2RR mechanism. This study highlights the potential held by SGAS-generated NP films for future CO2RR catalyst layer optimization and upscaling, where the NPs' tunable properties, homogeneity, and the complete absence of organic capping agents may prove invaluable.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.1c17998
These results were attributed to the nanostructured morphology that is characterized by many void spaces and by a high surface area, which should guarantee a large number of Cu-1 and Cu-0 catalytic active sites.&&structure control&&NeWNanostructured Copper-Based Electrodes Electrochemically Synthesized on a Carbonaceous Gas Diffusion Membrane with Catalytic Activity for the Electroreduction of CO2  In this work, four different 4 cm(2)-sized nanostructured Cu-based electrocatalysts have been designed by a one-step electrodeposition process of Cu metal on a three-dimensional carbonaceous membrane. One consisted of Cu-0, and the other three were obtained by further simple oxidative treatments. Morphological, structural, and electrochemical investigations on the four materials were carried out by scanning electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, linear sweep voltammetry, and potential-controlled electrolysis. All the electrocatalysts showed promising catalytic activities toward CO2 electroreduction in liquid phase, with a remarkable selectivity toward acetic acid achieved when using the oxidized materials. In particular, the best electrocatalytic activity was observed for the Cu2O-Cu-0 catalyst, working at a relatively low potential (-0.4 V vs RHE), which exhibited a stable and low current density of 0.46 mA cm(-2) and a productivity of 308 mu mol g(cat)(-1) h(-1). These results were attributed to the nanostructured morphology that is characterized by many void spaces and by a high surface area, which should guarantee a large number of Cu-1 and Cu-0 catalytic active sites. Moreover, kinetic analyses and preliminary studies about catalyst regeneration highlighted the stability of the best-performing catalyst.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.1c18844
 highly uniform copper nanocubes&&structure control&&NeWInvestigation of Ethylene and Propylene Production from CO2 Reduction over Copper Nanocubes in an MEA-Type Electrolyzer  Previous work carried out in fully liquid environments and at low current densities has demonstrated that highly uniform faceted copper nanocrystals display different selectivity profiles in CO2 reduction compared to polycrystalline copper. As part of ongoing upscaling efforts, it is a matter of interest to investigate whether the high selectivity toward ethylene of copper nanocubes, which show a preferential (100) orientation, is maintained in gas-fed electrolyzers, thus enabling the energy-efficient production of this valuable commodity chemical at industrially relevant current densities. In this work, we assessed the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction performance of highly uniform copper nanocubes loaded onto gas diffusion electrodes (GDEs) in a zero-gap device. The copper nanocube-loaded GDEs maintained high Faradaic efficiencies toward ethylene at elevated total current densities, resulting in higher overall partial current densities toward this product compared to benchmark electrodes. Interestingly, CO2 reduction to propylene, albeit with low partial current densities, was also observed. However, double-layer capacitance measurements revealed that the performance observed at high current densities is significantly influenced by electrode flooding. The findings of this study can inform future efforts geared toward optimizing the electrodes with this promising class of catalysts.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.1c18856
The ensemble effect with electronic coupling between Pd and Cu upon alloying and its induced moderate surface O-containing configuration were found to enhance the formate formation and suppress CO poisoning during CO2 reduction.&&alloy&&NeWAccelerating Pd Electrocatalysis for CO2-to-Formate Conversion across a Wide Potential Window by Optimized Incorporation of Cu  Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to formate is a viable way to reduce CO2 emissions and realize a carbon-neutral energy cycle. Although Pd can convert CO2 to formate with a high Faradaic efficiency at minimal overpotentials, it suffers from a limited and narrow potential window. Alloying is an important strategy for the catalyst design and tuning the electronic structures. Here, we report a series of PdCu bimetallic alloy catalysts with tunable compositions based on dendritic architectures. Optimal introduction of Cu atoms into the Pd matrix facilitates formate production and suppresses CO generation. In 0.1 M KHCO3 aqueous solution, our best candidate, Pd82Cu18 catalyst, delivered a high formate Faradaic efficiency of 96.0% at -0.3 V versus RHE. More interestingly, the high selectivity (>90%) toward formate maintained an enlarged electrochemical potential window of 600 mV. The ensemble effect with electronic coupling between Pd and Cu upon alloying and its induced moderate surface O-containing configuration were found to enhance the formate formation and suppress CO poisoning during CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.1c19847
The sandwich-like C/Cu/C nanosheet avoids the oxidation of the active site of metallic Cu at an ambient atmosphere owing to the protective coating of the carbon layer, which inhibits the surface reconstruction that occurs via the dissolution of copper oxides and redeposition of dissolved Cu ions.&&composite&&NeWSurface Reconstruction with a Sandwich-like C/Cu/C Catalyst for Selective and Stable CO2 Electroreduction  For the steady electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2RR) to value-added chemicals with high efficiency, the uncontrollable surface reconstruction under highly reducing conditions is a critical issue in electrocatalyst design. Herein, we construct a catalyst model with a sandwich-like structure composed of highly reactive metallic Cu nanosheet that is confined in thin carbon layers (denoted as C/Cu/C nanosheet). The sandwich-like C/Cu/C nanosheet avoids the oxidation of the active site of metallic Cu at an ambient atmosphere owing to the protective coating of the carbon layer, which inhibits the surface reconstruction that occurs via the dissolution of copper oxides and redeposition of dissolved Cu ions. The as-prepared C/Cu/C nanosheet exhibits a prominent Faradaic efficiency (FE) of 47.8% for CH4 products at -1.0 V with a current density of 20.3 mA.cm(-2) and stable production of CH4 during 12 h operation with negligible selectivity loss. Our findings provide an effective strategy of restraining surface reconstruction for the design of selective and stable electrocatalysts toward CO2RR.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.1c23662
the synergistic effect formed by nitrogen-doped carbon and highly dispersed copper atoms led to their excellent performance in CO2 electroreduction.&&composite&&NeWUltrasmall Cu Nanocrystals Dispersed in Nitrogen-Doped Carbon as Highly Efficient Catalysts for CO2 Electroreduction  The electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to a liquid product is a viable method for establishing an artificial carbon cycle. Unfortunately, most electrocatalysts' low efficiency and instability prevent them from being used in practical applications. In the current study, we developed ultrasmall Cu nanocrystals embedded in nitrogen-doped carbon nanosheets (Cu/NC-NSs) for selective CO2 electroreduction by adjusting the potential. Cu/NC-NSs had 43.7 and 63.5% Faradaic efficiencies for the synthesis of ethanol and formate with applied potentials of -0.37 and -0.77 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) using a flow cell architecture, respectively. Moreover, these Cu/NC-NSs show a steady catalytic performance up to 16 h. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations were performed to investigate the reaction mechanism. Furthermore, the synergistic effect formed by nitrogen-doped carbon and highly dispersed copper atoms led to their excellent performance in CO2 electroreduction.  DOI:10.1021_acsami.2c00050
The Cu decoration induced a strong-binding site for CO2 adsorption at the Cu and CeO2 interface, facilitating the CO2 activation and conversion to the *CO intermediate on the nearby Cu surface.&&composite&&NeWCustomizable CO2 Electroreduction to C-1 or C-2(+) Products through Cu-y/CeO2 Interface Engineering  Cu-catalyzed CO2 electroreduction can produce various hydrocarbons and oxygenates. However, it suffers from low activity and poor selectivity. Herein, Cu-decorated CeO2 composites (Cu-y/CeO2) with distinct interfacial characteristics were fabricated through a highly controllable synthesis, based on chemical prelithiation of CeO2 and then galvanic displacement with Cu. The Cu decoration induced a strong-binding site for CO2 adsorption at the Cu and CeO2 interface, facilitating the CO2 activation and conversion to the *CO intermediate on the nearby Cu surface. Selective CO2 conversion to C-1 or C2+ products was customized by adjusting the Cu decoration amount. With the increase in the Cu loading, the C-1 and C2+ products exhibited a declining and volcano-shaped trend, showing a maximum faradaic efficiency of 70 and 63%, respectively. In situ infrared and Raman spectroscopy revealed that the reduction pathway depended on the relative ratio of the low-frequency band *COLFB to the high-frequency band *COHFB. Our findings may contribute to the rational design of heterostructured catalysts toward CO2 electroreduction.  DOI:10.1021_acscatal.1c04714
the CuO5 active sites can strongly adsorb *CO intermediates and hence facilitate the hydrogenation of *CO into *CHO, which is beneficial for yielding CH4 instead of CO&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWInsight into the Effect of the d-Orbital Energy of Copper Ions in Metal-Organic Frameworks on the Selectivity of Electroreduction of CO2 to CH4  It is of great significance to reveal the influence of small differences in the coordination environments of metal ions in the catalytic active centers on the selectivity of products in the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). Here, two types of metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) based on square-pyramidal CuO5 and square-planar CuO4 nodes, respectively, are compared in regard to their performances in electrocatalytic CO2RR. The MOF (Cu-DBC, H8DBC = dibenzo-[g,p] chrysene-2,3,6,7,10,11,14,15-octaol) constructed by CuO5 nodes and the catechol-derived ligands exhibit high performance for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CH4 with a Faradaic efficiency of 56% and a current density of 11.4 mA cm(-2) at -1.4 V vs RHE. In comparison, two other MOFs, Cu-HHTP (HHTP = 2,3,6,7,10,11-hexahydroxytriphenylene) and Cu-THQ(THQ= tetrahy-droxy-1,4-quinone), constructed by CuO4 and catechol-derived ligands, exhibit that CO is the sole reduced product. Theoretical calculations and Cu L-edge adsorption spectroscopy revealed that the energy levels of metal d-orbitals (d(z)(2), d(xz), and d(yz)) in the square-pyramidal CuO5 site are elevated compared to those in the square- planar CuO4 site. As a result, the CuO5 active sites can strongly adsorb *CO intermediates and hence facilitate the hydrogenation of *CO into *CHO, which is beneficial for yielding CH4 instead of CO. This work will be helpful to understand the mechanism of copper-based catalysts for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to hydrocarbons.  DOI:10.1021_acscatal.1c04805
the phase-separated sample exhibited much higher activity and stability than the core-shell sample&&structure control&&NeWBimetallic Cu-Zn Catalysts for Electrochemical CO2 Reduction: Phase-Separated versus Core-Shell Distribution  Electrochemical CO2 reduction to fuels and chemicals is considered as one of the most important technologies to reach carbon neutrality. Bimetallic Cu-Zn materials have been proved as effective catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction. However, their structure-activity relation remains indistinct. Herein, we prepared two types of Cu-Zn bimetallic catalysts with core-shell and phase-separated structure distributions and studied their electrochemical CO2 reduction performance in detail. Interestingly, the phase-separated sample exhibited much higher activity and stability than the core-shell sample for reducing CO2 to CO, with a faradic efficiency up to 94% and stability beyond 15 h. The density functional theory calculation revealed that the phase-separated sample exhibited a lower energy barrier to form the *COOH intermediate and a more thermodynamically stable state than the core-shell sample. Our work paves an alternative way to design highly active and stable catalyst for electrochemical CO2 reduction by tuning the element spatial distribution.  DOI:10.1021_acscatal.1c05272
different copper catalysts have been prepared to explore the roles of different oxidationstates on the activity and selectivity of CO2reduction.&&structure control&&NeWOptimizing Copper Oxidation State to Promote Ethylene Generation in Efficient Carbon Dioxide Conversion br  The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to valuablecarbon-based fuels and chemicals has attracted extensive attention. In this work, different copper catalysts have been prepared to explore the roles of different oxidationstates on the activity and selectivity of CO2reduction. The optimal oxidation state ofcopper catalyst provides 53% Faradaic efficiency (FE) for converting CO2to ethyleneand achieves a maximum FE of 74% for C2 hydrocarbons (ethylene and ethanol) at-1.3 V vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Moreover, characterization andelectrochemical results show that with the decrease of oxidation state of coppercatalysts, methane is mainly inhibited, while ethylene dominates in a wide potentialwindow. This work provides reliable experimental evidence and valuable insights in adjusting the oxidation state of copper catalysts to achieve high selectivity of hydrocarbon products, which may provide important guidance for the design and preparation of efficient catalysts for selective CO2electroreduction to valuable products  DOI:10.1021_acssuschemeng.2c00123
the incorporation of ZrO2 substantially decreases the dimerization barriers of adsorbed CO intermediates, thus boosting C-C coupling to produce C2H4.&&composite&&NeWSelective Electroreduction of CO2 and CO to C2H4 by Synergistically Tuning Nanocavities and the Surface Charge of Copper Oxide  Electroreduction of CO2 and CO to high-value chemicals and fuels continues to be a grand challenge. Here, we report synergistic electrolysis of CO2 and CO to C2H4 by concurrently tuning nanocavities and the interface of CuO with a hydrogen evolution inactive metal oxide (ZrO2). The designed CuO@ZrO2 delivers a faradaic efficiency (FE) as high as 54.7 +/- 1.1% toward C2H4 formation and a remarkable overall CO(2 )reduction FE exceeding 84.0% at 250 mA cm(-2), significantly outperforming pristine CuO and many recently demonstrated Cu-based catalysts. The composite also exhibits a markedly enhanced FE of converting CO to C2H4, approximately three-fold that of pure CuO. Operando Raman spectroscopy as well as postmortem X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy measurements verify that Cu+ species are well retained in the presence of ZrO2 during CO2 reduction, in stark contrast to the rapid transformation of Cu+ to Cu-0 in the catalyst without the metal oxide. Experiments in combination with theoretical calculations further show that the incorporation of ZrO2 substantially decreases the dimerization barriers of adsorbed CO intermediates, thus boosting C-C coupling to produce C2H4.  DOI:10.1021_acssuschemeng.2c01600
oxide-derived copper crystals enclosed by six {100} and eight {111} facets can reduce CO2&&structure control&&NeWIdentification of Cu(100)/Cu(111) Interfaces as Superior Active Sites for CO Dimerization During CO2 Electroreduction  The electrosynthesis of valuable multicarbon chemicals using carbon dioxide (CO2) as a feedstock has substantially progressed recently but still faces considerable challenges. A major difficulty lines in the sluggish kinetics of forming carbon-carbon (C-C) bonds, especially in neutral media. We report here that oxide-derived copper crystals enclosed by six {100} and eight {111} facets can reduce CO2 to multicarbon products with a high Faradaic efficiency of 74.9 +/- 1.7% at a commercially relevant current density of 300 mA cm(-2) in 1 M KHCO3 (pH similar to 8.4). By combining the experimental and computational studies, we uncovered that Cu(100)/Cu(111) interfaces offer a favorable local electronic structure that enhances *CO adsorption and lowers C-C coupling activation energy barriers, performing superior to Cu(100) and Cu(111) surfaces, respectively. On this catalyst, no obvious degradation was observed at 300 mA cm(-2) over 50 h of continuous operation.  DOI:10.1021_jacs.1c09508
we propose a solidsolution strategy to stabilize Cu2+ ions by incorporating them into a CeO2 matrix, which works as a self-sacrificing ingredient to protect Cu2+ active species.&&structure control&&NeWStabilizing Cu2+ Ions by Solid Solutions to Promote CO2 Electroreduction to Methane  Copper is the only metal catalyst that can perform the electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction (CRR) to produce hydrocarbons and oxygenates. Its surface oxidation state determines the reaction pathway to various products. However, under the cathodic potential of CRR conditions, the chemical composition of most Cu-based catalysts inevitably undergoes electroreduction from Cu2+ to Cu-0 or Cu1+ species, which is generally coupled with phase reconstruction and the formation of new active sites. Since the initial Cu2+ active sites are hard to retain, there have been few studies about Cu2+ catalysts for CRR. Herein we propose a solidsolution strategy to stabilize Cu2+ ions by incorporating them into a CeO2 matrix, which works as a self-sacrificing ingredient to protect Cu2+ active species. In situ spectroscopic characterization and density functional theory calculations reveal that compared with the conventionally derived Cu catalysts with Cu-0 or Cu1+ active sites, the Cu2+ species in the solid solution (Cu-Ce-O-x) can significantly strengthen adsorption of the *CO intermediate, facilitating its further hydrogenation to produce CH4 instead of dimerization to give C-2 products. As a result, different from most of the other Cu-based catalysts, Cu-Ce-O-x delivered a high Faradaic efficiency of 67.8% for CH4 and a low value of 3.6% for C2H4.  DOI:10.1021_jacs.1c12212
a novel Ni-Cu atomic pair configuration toward improved CO2RR performance&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWQuasi-Covalently Coupled Ni-Cu Atomic Pair for Synergistic Electroreduction of CO2  Developing highly active, selective, and stable electrocatalysts for the carbon dioxide reduction reaction (CO2RR) is crucial to establish a CO2 conversion system for industrial implementation and, therefore, to realize an artificially closed carbon loop. This can only be achieved through the rational material design based upon the knowledge of the operational active site at the molecular scale. Enlightened by theoretical screening, herein, we for the first time manipulate a novel Ni-Cu atomic pair configuration toward improved CO2RR performance. Systematic characterizations and theoretical modeling reveal that the secondary Cu metal incorporation positively shifts the Ni 3d orbital energy to the Fermi level and thus accelerates the rate-determining step, *COOH formation. In addition, the intrinsic inactivity of Cu toward the competing hydrogen evolution reaction causes a considerable reaction barrier for water dissociation on the Ni-Cu moiety. Due to these attributes, the as-developed Ni/Cu-N-C catalyst exhibits excellent catalytic activity and selectivity, with a record-high turnover frequency of 20,695 h(-1) at -0.6 V (vs RHE) and a maximum Faradaic efficiency of 97.7% for CO production. Furthermore, the dynamic structure evolution monitored by operando X-ray absorption fine-structure spectroscopy unveils the interaction between the Ni center and CO2 molecules and the synergistic effect of the Ni-Cu atomic pair on CO2RR activity.  DOI:10.1021_jacs.2c00937
the stable nanostructures, stable Cu/Cu2O interfaces, and enhanced adsorption of the *OCCOH intermediate preserve selective and prolonged C2H4 production.&&structure control&&NeWElectrochemical CO2 reduction to ethylene by ultrathin CuO nanoplate arrays  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 to multi-carbon fuels and chemical feedstocks is an appealing approach to mitigate excessive CO2 emissions. However, the reported catalysts always show either a low Faradaic efficiency of the C2+ product or poor long-term stability. Herein, we report a facile and scalable anodic corrosion method to synthesize oxygen-rich ultrathin CuO nanoplate arrays, which form Cu/Cu2O heterogeneous interfaces through self-evolution during electrocatalysis. The catalyst exhibits a high C2H4 Faradaic efficiency of 84.5%, stable electrolysis for similar to 55 h in a flow cell using a neutral KCI electrolyte, and a full-cell ethylene energy efficiency of 27.6% at 200 mA cm(-2) in a membrane electrode assembly electrolyzer. Mechanism analyses reveal that the stable nanostructures, stable Cu/Cu2O interfaces, and enhanced adsorption of the *OCCOH intermediate preserve selective and prolonged C2H4 production. The robust and scalable produced catalyst coupled with mild electrolytic conditions facilitates the practical application of electrochemical CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1038_s41467-022-29428-9
the controlled surface reconstruction is facilely realized using an electrolyte additive, ethylenediamine tetramethylenephosphonic acid, to substantially promote CO2 electroreduction to CH4 for commercial polycrystalline Cu.&&structure control&&NeWSteering surface reconstruction of copper with electrolyte additives for CO2 electroreduction  Cu metal suffers from unavoidable and uncontrollable surface reconstruction during electrocatalysis. The authors here guide the reconstruction process in a favorable direction using trace amount of electrolyte additives, promoting CO2 electroreduction to CH4. Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to value-added hydrocarbon products using metallic copper (Cu) catalysts is a potentially sustainable approach to facilitate carbon neutrality. However, Cu metal suffers from unavoidable and uncontrollable surface reconstruction during electrocatalysis, which can have either adverse or beneficial effects on its electrocatalytic performance. In a break from the current catalyst design path, we propose a strategy guiding the reconstruction process in a favorable direction to improve the performance. Typically, the controlled surface reconstruction is facilely realized using an electrolyte additive, ethylenediamine tetramethylenephosphonic acid, to substantially promote CO2 electroreduction to CH4 for commercial polycrystalline Cu. As a result, a stable CH4 Faradaic efficiency of 64% with a partial current density of 192 mA cm(-2), thus enabling an impressive CO2-to-CH4 conversion rate of 0.25 mu mol cm(-2) s(-1), is achieved in an alkaline flow cell. We believe our study will promote the exploration of electrochemical reconstruction and provide a promising route for the discovery of high-performance electrocatalysts.  DOI:10.1038_s41467-022-30819-1
Copper(ii) tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)porphyrin&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWCopper(ii) tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)porphyrin: highly active copper-based molecular catalysts for electrochemical CO2 reduction  We report a highly active copper-based catalyst for electrochemical CO2 reduction. Electrochemical analysis revealed that the maximum turnover frequency for CO2 to CO conversion reached 1 460 000 s(-1) at an overpotential (eta) of 0.85 V. Surprisingly, this value is more than 1 000 000 times higher than those of other reported copper-based molecular catalysts.  DOI:10.1039_d1cc05880k
a synergistic effect between CuO and Al2CuO4 in the CuAl-1 steers the CO2RR pathway towards ethylene.&&composite&&NeWInterface rich CuO/Al2CuO4 surface for selective ethylene production from electrochemical CO2 conversion  The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) to multicarbon hydrocarbons or oxygenate compounds beyond carbon monoxide is of great importance, as it offers a promising way to obtain a renewable fuel of high energy density and dose the carbon cycle. Copper has been considered the predominant and effective electrocatalyst for the CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), especially when aiming for ethylene products. However, the selectivity or current density of most catalysts for ethylene production is not satisfactory at competitive prices. Here, we present a newly designed electrocatalyst comprising Al2CuO4 nanosheets uniformly covered with CuO nanoparticles (CuAl-1: CuO/Al2CuO4-23) by phase and interphase engineering, achieving an ultrahigh selectivity of 82.4% for ethylene in an H-cell system with good catalytic stability and material durability for 100 h. In a flow-cell electrolyzer, this catalyst achieves a remarkably high ethylene partial current density of 421 mA cm(-2), substantially higher than the as-synthesized bare CuO (261 mA cm(-2)) counterpart. The results of time-resolved attenuated total reflection-surface enhanced infrared absorption spectroscopy (ATR-SEIRAS) suggest that compared to the CuO catalyst, CuAl-1 enabled high surface coverages of *CO intermediates and strengthened adsorption of *CO for C-C coupling toward *OCCO, which is an intermediate for the production of ethylene. X-ray absorption analysis confirms that Cu oxide species in CuAl-1 are well retained during CO2 reduction, whereas the bare CuO catalyst is completely reduced to the metallic Cu state. Density functional theory calculations propose that a synergistic effect between CuO and Al2CuO4 in the CuAl-1 steers the CO2RR pathway towards ethylene.  DOI:10.1039_d1ee03861c
The cooperation of the two components and interfaces resulted in the outstanding performance of the catalyst.&&composite&&NeWElectrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethylene over ZrO2/Cu-Cu2O catalysts in aqueous electrolytes  The conversion of CO<INF>2</INF> to C<INF>2</INF>H<INF>4</INF>, especially via the electrochemical CO<INF>2</INF> reduction reaction (CO<INF>2</INF>RR), is one of the promising approaches for utilizing CO<INF>2</INF> and producing important light olefins. Developing efficient catalysts is the key to realizing this conversion. In the present work, we have prepared several Cu-Zr bimetallic catalysts and assessed their performances in the CO<INF>2</INF>RR to C<INF>2</INF>H<INF>4</INF> using an H-type cell. Among the prepared catalysts, the bimetallic Cu-Zr catalyst (denoted as ZrO<INF>2</INF>/Cu-Cu<INF>2</INF>O) with a Cu/Zr molar ratio of 7/1 could achieve a 62.5% faradaic efficiency of ethene (FE<INF>C<INF>2</INF>H<INF>4</INF></INF>) with a high current density of 24 mA cm<SUP>-2</SUP> at -1.28 V (vs. RHE) in 0.1 M KCl electrolyte. Characterization results indicated that the catalyst comprises ZrO<INF>2</INF> nanoparticles (NPs) supported on Cu-Cu<INF>2</INF>O NPs. The in situ Raman tests showed that a *COOH intermediate was involved during the reaction. DFT calculation further confirmed that the *COOH intermediate was favorably generated on Zr sites, which could be transferred to the adjacent Cu<SUP>+</SUP> sites to couple and form *OCCO (or 2*CHO) dimers at the interface between Cu and Zr species. The dimer was further reduced to C<INF>2</INF>H<INF>4</INF> under the given conditions. The cooperation of the two components and interfaces resulted in the outstanding performance of the catalyst. We believe that the method to construct multicomponent interfaces to enhance FE and activity can also be used to design some other efficient catalysts for the CO<INF>2</INF>RR.  DOI:10.1039_d1gc04284j
we report a F-doped Cu (F-Cu) catalyst to improve C2+ products in CO2 electroreduction.&&defect&&NeWBoosting CO2 electroreduction to C2+ products on fluorine-doped copper  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 by renewable electricity offers a promising way to settle excessive greenhouse gases and achieve carbon neutrality under a mild environment. Cu-based catalysts have a unique catalytic activity towards multicarbon (C2+) products in the CO2 electroreduction reaction and are widely studied to promote the corresponding selectivity and activity. Here we report a F-doped Cu (F-Cu) catalyst to improve C2+ products in CO2 electroreduction. A high C2+ product (mainly ethylene and ethanol) faradaic efficiency of 70.4% was achieved on the F-Cu catalyst with a high current density (above 400 mA cm(-2)) in the flow-cell system. The in situ surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy results and electrochemical performance analysis demonstrated that CO2 could be reduced into CO at low potentials and the adsorption of CO could be strengthened on F-Cu, which is beneficial to the subsequent C-C coupling step and formation of the C2+ products.  DOI:10.1039_d1gc04824d
The epitaxial growth of Cu2S on Bi leads to abundant interfacial sites and the resultant heterostructured Bi-Cu2S nanocrystals enable highly efficient ECO2RR with a largely reduced overpotential&&composite&&NeWHeterostructured Bi-Cu2S nanocrystals for efficient CO2 electroreduction to formate  The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (ECO2RR) driven by renewable electricity holds promise to store intermittent energy in chemical bonds, while producing value-added chemicals and fuels sustainably. Unfortunately, it remains a grand challenge to simultaneously achieve a high faradaic efficiency (FE), a low overpotential, and a high current density of the ECO2RR. Herein, we report the synthesis of heterostructured Bi-Cu2S nanocrystals via a one-pot solution-phase method. The epitaxial growth of Cu2S on Bi leads to abundant interfacial sites and the resultant heterostructured Bi-Cu2S nanocrystals enable highly efficient ECO2RR with a largely reduced overpotential (240 mV lower than that of Bi), a near-unity FE (>98%) for formate production, and a high partial current density (2.4- and 5.2-fold higher J(HCOO)(-) than Cu2S and Bi at -1.0 V vs. reversible hydrogen electrode, RHE). Density functional theory (DFT) calculations show that the electron transfer from Bi to Cu2S at the interface leads to the preferential stabilization of the formate-evolution intermediate (*OCHO).  DOI:10.1039_d1nh00661d
the low-coordinated copper sites can be beneficial for the formation and further reduction of the key intermediate to CH4.&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWConstruction of single-atom copper sites with low coordination number for efficient CO2 electroreduction to CH4  Generally speaking, the preparation of single-atom catalysts always requires harsh conditions such as high-temperature pyrolysis or strong acid etching. In this manuscript, a simple and effective plasma-activated strategy is employed to synthesize a MOF-based single-atom copper catalyst. The bombardment of plasma forms abundant oxygen vacancies and significantly increases the number of low-coordinated catalytically active copper sites. Moreover, plasma treatment also creates a hierarchically porous structure, which can effectively adsorb the reactant molecules. The synergistic effect of the porous structure and low-coordinated copper sites dramatically improves the activity of CO2 electroreduction to CH4 with a maximum faradaic efficiency of 75.3%. Furthermore, the total faradaic efficiency of carbon-containing products (CO, CH4 and C2H4) can reach as high as 96.5% with a partial current density of 47.8 mA cm(-2). Density functional theory (DFT) calculations confirm that the low-coordinated copper sites can be beneficial for the formation and further reduction of the key intermediate to CH4. This strategy provides a successful example for the preparation of single-atom catalysts under mild conditions.  DOI:10.1039_d1ta08494a
Cu-doping induces polarized sites with high electron density, allowing the CO2RR path through the *HCOOH intermediate to form formic acid (HCOOH).&&atomic level dispersion&&NeWHighly exfoliated Ti3C2Tx MXene nanosheets atomically doped with Cu for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction: an experimental and theoretical study  Ti3C2Tx MXene nanostructures have garnered attention for various catalytic applications due to their built-in electronic properties. Herein, we rationally design highly exfoliated two-dimensional Ti3C2Tx nanosheets (T-x = O, OH, and F) doped with Cu (denoted as Cu/Ti3C2Tx) for the electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR). The fabrication process entails the selective chemical etching of Ti3AlC2 followed by the delamination thereof under ultrasonic treatment and subsequent mixing with a Cu precursor to allow in situ doping. The resultant Cu/Ti3C2Tx are highly exfoliated nanosheets with a surface area of 46 m(2) g(-1) and are uniformly doped with Cu atoms (1.04 wt%). The CO2RR current density of Cu/Ti3C2Tx (-1.08 mA cm(-2)) was 3.6 times higher than that of Ti3C2Tx (-0.3 mA cm(-2)) besides a lower onset reduction potential and Tafel slope, and higher stability, due to the greater surface area, electronic effect, and quicker charge transfer on Cu/Ti3C2Tx. The formic acid (HCOOH) faradaic efficiency on Cu/Ti3C2Tx (58.1%) was 3-fold higher than that on Ti3C2Tx (18.7%). Based on density functional theory (DFT) simulation, Cu-doping induces polarized sites with high electron density, allowing the CO2RR path through the *HCOOH intermediate to form formic acid (HCOOH). The study presented here will open new pathways for using Ti3C2Tx doped with various metals for the CO2RR.  DOI:10.1039_d1ta09471h
Associated with hierarchical nanoporous Cu architecture to offer a high specific surface area for full use of electroactive sites and facilitate electron and mass transports along interconnective Cu ligaments and interpenetrative nanopores, nanoporous Cu11In9/Cu hybrid electrodes exhibit exceptional electrocatalysis for CO product&&composite&&NeWIntermetallic Cu(11)In(9)in situ formed on hierarchical nanoporous Cu for highly selective CO2 electroreduction  Developing highly selective and cost-effective electrocatalysts is crucial for the efficient conversion of CO2 to value-added carbon products. Here, we report intermetallic Cu11In9 nanoparticles that are in situ formed on nanoporous Cu skeleton (Cu11In9/Cu) as highly selective and electroactive catalysts to mediate CO2 electroreduction to CO. Owing to the high oxophilicity of surface indium atoms, their spontaneous hydroxylation results in the formation of heterogeneous Cu-In(OH)(x) surface on monoclinic Cu11In9 nanoparticles, which selectively boosts reaction kinetics of CO2-to-CO conversion as a result of weakening adsorption energies of *CO and H* intermediates on surface Cu atoms. Associated with hierarchical nanoporous Cu architecture to offer a high specific surface area for full use of electroactive sites and facilitate electron and mass transports along interconnective Cu ligaments and interpenetrative nanopores, nanoporous Cu11In9/Cu hybrid electrodes exhibit exceptional electrocatalysis for CO product, with a high partial current density of 12.6 mA cm(geo)(-2) and high faradaic efficiency of 92.8%, as well as excellent stability for more than 240 h at an overpotential of 0.49 V. These outstanding electrochemical properties make them attractive alternatives to precious Au- and Ag-based electrocatalysts for high-performance CO2 electrolysers.  DOI:10.1039_d1ta10163c
alloys&&alloy&&NeWElectrochemical carbon dioxide reduction on copper-zinc alloys: ethanol and ethylene selectivity analysis  The electrochemical conversion of CO2 to ethanol and ethylene is an environmentally and economically promising method for addressing global climate change in a carbon-neutral society. Ethanol is desirable because of its high energy density. However, ethanol production is less favored than ethylene production on Cu catalysts. Alloys have gained prominence as a catalyst that enhances ethanol selectivity. In this study, metallic CuZn alloys with different Zn contents (Cu, Cu9Zn1, Cu3Zn1, and Cu2Zn1) were fabricated by co-sputtering Cu and Zn. A maximum ethanol/ethylene ratio of 9.2 was achieved on Cu2Zn1, which is 11 times higher than that of the Cu catalyst. Furthermore, we prepared Cu9Zn1 on polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), which achieved an ethanol partial density of approximately 93 mA cm(-2) at -0.76 V vs. RHE. Cu9Zn1/PTFE exhibited stable ethanol production with similar to 25% faradaic efficiency and similar to 11% full-cell energy efficiency of ethanol over a period of 7 h in a membrane electrode assembly system. The remarkable ethanol selectivity of the CuZn catalysts was attributed to the local atomic arrangement, which was supported by density functional theory calculations.  DOI:10.1039_d1ta10345h
the CuOx-HfO2 interface greatly strengthens CO2 adsorption and the binding of *CO for further C-C coupling to yield C2H4.&&composite&&NeWEngineering the CuO-HfO2 interface toward enhanced CO2 electroreduction to C2H4  We report significantly enhanced electrochemical CO2 reduction (ECR) to C2H4 by tuning the interface of a metal oxide composite (CuOx/HfO2), enabling a C2H4 faradaic efficiency as high as 62.6 +/- 1.3% at 300 mA cm(-2), in contrast to only 11.6 +/- 1.6% over pure CuO. Collective knowledge from multiple control experiments, density functional theory calculations, and operando Raman study reveals that the CuOx-HfO2 interface greatly strengthens CO2 adsorption and the binding of *CO for further C-C coupling to yield C2H4.  DOI:10.1039_d2cc01776h
the selectivity and activity of C2H4 production are closely related to the exposed crystal facets of Cu3N NPs.&&structure control&&NeWCu3N nanoparticles with both (100) and (111) facets for enhancing the selectivity and activity of CO2 electroreduction to ethylene  CO2 electroreduction to high value-added chemicals is a prospective approach to realize the utilization of CO2 resources and mitigate the greenhouse effect. Ethylene (C2H4), as an important chemical material, is a desirable product of CO2 reduction, while the lack of efficient catalysts with high selectivity and activity limits the progress. In this work, we synthesized Cu3N nanoparticles (NPs) enclosed with different crystal facets successfully by tailoring the ligand. Besides, the performance of the as-prepared Cu3N NPs for the electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to C2H4 is evaluated. The results show that the selectivity and activity of C2H4 production are closely related to the exposed crystal facets of Cu3N NPs. The Cu3N-2 NPs show the highest CO2RR selectivity to C2H4 at -0.8 V (vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE)) with a faradaic efficiency of 61.1% and excellent stability for at least 10 h. This work provides a new route for enhancing the selectivity of CO2 electrocatalytic reduction by crystal facet engineering.  DOI:10.1039_d2nj02175g
the CuSb/NMC-2 (Cu: 5.9 wt%, Sb: 0.49 wt%) catalyst exhibited the best performance for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction&&structure control&&NeWNitrogen-doped mesoporous carbon supported CuSb for electroreduction of CO2  The construction of an efficient catalyst for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to high value-added fuels has received extensive attention. Herein, nitrogen-doped mesoporous carbon (NMC) was used to support CuSb to prepare a series of materials for electrocatalytic reduction of CO2 to CH4. The catalytic activity of the composites was significantly improved compared with that of Cu/NMC. In addition, the Cu content also influenced the activity of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction reaction. Among the materials used, the CuSb/NMC-2 (Cu: 5.9 wt%, Sb: 0.49 wt%) catalyst exhibited the best performance for electrocatalytic CO2 reduction, and the faradaic efficiency of CH4 reached 35%, and the total faradaic efficiency of C1-C2 products reached 67%.  DOI:10.1039_d2ra01893d
alloy &&alloy&&NeWA Sn doped, strained CuAg film for electrochemical CO2 reduction  The electrochemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR) using renewably generated electricity under mild conditions is a promising and sustainable approach to convert CO2 to value-added chemicals. Cu and Cu alloys are considered to be potential catalysts for CO2 reduction among numerous catalysts. Unfortunately, the product selectivity and conversion efficiency during the CO2RR are severely limited by the unavoidable competitive hydrogen evolution reaction (HER). Here, we developed a facile deposition method based on magnetron co-sputtering to optimize the alloy composition of Cu. As a result, we found that CuAg electrode of Sn addition can effectively inhibit the HER during the CO2RR and improve the selectivity of CO, and the FE of CO can reach 93% at -0.85 V. The large lattice distortions and strain effect after Sn addition affect the electronic structure and further result in the downshift of the d-band center, which causes the Gibbs free energy of the formation of *H on the CuAgSn surface to increase dramatically. Although the formation energy barrier of *COOH doesn't decrease after Sn addition, the selectivity of CO is enhanced, owing to the selective suppression of the HER. This work provides an effective way to improve the CO2 reduction performance of binary alloys by adding a small amount of a third metallic element.  DOI:10.1039_d2ta00250g
Compared with hollow Cu2O nanospheres, Au-x-Cu2O catalysts have an earlier onset for ethanol production and promote the CO2 reduction to ethanol with high efficiency, while the hydrogen evolution reaction is significantly inhibited.&&composite&&NeWPreparation of hollow Au-x-Cu2O nanospheres by galvanic replacement to enhance the selective electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol  Electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to fuel is one of the important ways to solve energy and environmental problems. In this work, the preparation of hollow Au-x-Cu2O electrocatalyst and the performance of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction to ethanol were studied. Hollow Cu2O nanospheres were prepared by a soft template method, and Au-x-Cu2O composites were prepared by galvanic replacement. The characterization results of XRD and XPS reveal that Cu+ is the main chemical state of Cu in the catalysts. The results of electroactive surface area demonstrate that the electroactive surface area of Au-0.51-Cu2O is the largest. The performance evaluation of electrocatalytic CO2 reduction shows that the Faraday efficiency of H-2 on Au-0.51-Cu2O is the lowest (similar to 19.5%) and the Faraday efficiency of ethanol can reach similar to 18.8% at -1.2 V vs. RHE. Compared with hollow Cu2O nanospheres, Au-x-Cu2O catalysts have an earlier onset for ethanol production and promote the CO2 reduction to ethanol with high efficiency, while the hydrogen evolution reaction is significantly inhibited. Our study demonstrates an effective approach to develop Cu-based electrocatalysts favourable toward ethanol in electrocatalytic CO2 reduction.  DOI:10.1080_17458080.2021.2005246
Small-sized Co-Cu nanoparticles are homogenously distributed on the porous carbon nanofibers, which can significantly improve the utilization rate of metal sites and greatly reduce the loading amount of metals.&&structure control&&NeWBimetallic Cobalt-Copper Nanoparticle-Decorated Hollow Carbon Nanofibers for Efficient CO2 Electroreduction  Bimetallic materials are one of the most promising catalysts for the electrochemical reduction of CO2, but there are still many challenges to be overcome on the route to industrialization. Herein, a series of carbon nanofiber-supported bimetallic cobalt-copper catalysts (CoxCuy/CFs) are designed and constructed through the electrospinning technique and a subsequent pyrolysis procedure. Small-sized Co-Cu nanoparticles are homogenously distributed on the porous carbon nanofibers, which can significantly improve the utilization rate of metal sites and greatly reduce the loading amount of metals. Moreover, different product distributions and catalytic performance can be obtained in CO2 reduction via adjusting the metal proportion of CoxCuy/CFs. Especially, Co3Cu/CFs can bring forth a 97% total faradaic efficiency (FE) of CO (68%) and HCOOH (29%) at -0.8 V-RHE cathode potential in 0.5 M KHCO3 electrolyte. Furthermore, the hierarchical pores can firmly confine the small Co-Cu nanoparticles and keep them from easy agglomeration during electrolysis, eventually leading to 60 h of stability for Co3Cu/CFs in CO2 electroreduction. This study might provide a facile and economic method to fabricate efficient bimetallic catalysts for CO2 electroreduction and other electrocatalysis applications.  DOI:10.3389_fchem.2022.904241
investigate the evolution of compositions and intermediates during gas-phase CO2 electroreduction on Cu foam, Cu2O nanowire and CuO nanowire catalysts&&structure control&&NeWInsight into Composition and Intermediate Evolutions of Copper-Based Catalysts during Gas-Phase CO2 Electroreduction to Multicarbon Oxygenates  Conversion of CO2 to valuable chemicals driven by renewable electricity via electrocatalytic reduction processes is of great significance for achieving carbon neutrality. Copper-based materials distinguish themselves from other electrocatalysts for their unique capability to produce multicarbon compounds in CO2 electroreduction. However, the intrinsic active composition and C-C coupling mechanism of copper-based catalysts are still ambiguous. This is largely due to the absence of appropriate in situ approaches to monitor the complicated processes of CO2 electroreduction. Here, we adopted operando spectroscopy techniques, including Raman and infrared, to investigate the evolution of compositions and intermediates during gas-phase CO2 electroreduction on Cu foam, Cu2O nanowire and CuO nanowire catalysts. Although all the three copper-based catalysts possessed the activity of electroreducing gas-phase CO2 to multicarbon oxygenates, Cu2O nanowires showed the much superior performance with a 71.9% Faradaic efficiency of acetaldehyde. Operando Raman spectra manifested that the cuprous oxide remained stable during the whole gas-phase CO2 electroreduction, and operando diffuse reflectance infrared Fourier transform spectroscopy (DRFITS) results provide direct evidences of key intermediates and their evolutions for producing multicarbon oxygenates, in consistence with the density functional theory calculations.  DOI:10.3390_catal11121502
a Cu-TiO2 composite catalyst consisting of CuOx clusters or Cu nanoparticles (CuNPs), which are isolated on the TiO2 grain surface&&composite&&NeWCu Modified TiO2 Catalyst for Electrochemical Reduction of Carbon Dioxide to Methane  Electrochemical reduction of CO2 (ECO2R) is gaining attention as a promising approach to store excess or intermittent electricity generated from renewable energies in the form of valuable chemicals such as CO, HCOOH, CH4, and so on. Selective ECO2R to CH4 is a challenging target because the rate-determining step of CH4 formation, namely CO* protonation, competes with hydrogen evolution reaction and the C-C coupling toward the production of longer-chain chemicals. Herein, a Cu-TiO2 composite catalyst consisting of CuOx clusters or Cu nanoparticles (CuNPs), which are isolated on the TiO2 grain surface, was synthesized using a one-pot solvothermal method and subsequent thermal treatment. The Cu-TiO2 catalyst exhibited high selectivity for CH4, and the ratio of FE for CH4 to total FE for all products in ECO2R reached 70%.  DOI:10.3390_catal12050478
The intrinsic property of the synthesized catalyst and its surface reduction are suggested to induce sites or edges for facilitating the dimerization and coupling of intermediates to ethanol and ethylene&&structure control&&NeWOxide Derived Copper for Electrochemical Reduction of CO2 to C2+ Products  The electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) on copper electrode derived from cupric oxide (CuO), named oxide derived copper (ODCu), was studied thoroughly in the potential range of -1.0 V to -1.5 V versus RHE. The CuO nanoparticles were prepared by the hydrothermal method. The ODCu electrode was used for carbon dioxide reduction and the results revealed that this electrode is highly selective for C2+ products with enhanced current density at significantly less overpotential. This catalyst shifts the selectivity towards C2+ products with the highest Faradaic efficiency up to 58% at -0.95 V. In addition, C-2 product formation at the lowest onset potential of -0.1 V is achieved with the proposed catalyst. X-ray diffraction and scanning electron microscopy revealed the reduction of CuO to Cu (111) nanoparticles during the CO2 RR. The intrinsic property of the synthesized catalyst and its surface reduction are suggested to induce sites or edges for facilitating the dimerization and coupling of intermediates to ethanol and ethylene.  DOI:10.3390_nano12081380
